;0x3737720B=Stress seeps so much out of our lives.  Come relax and rejuvenate by having your naked body wrapped in seastinking seaweed while you get a champagne colonic and fruity new age music played in the background and we milk you for $250 an hour.
0x3737720B=压力在我们的生活中无处不在。赤身裸体浸泡在味道浓烈的海藻当中，放松心灵，恢复活力吧。同时还会提供香槟灌肠，播放古怪的新纪元背景音乐。以上服务收费$250/小时。

;0xCFE17F14=The first thing you notice when you walk into the Morningwood Spa and Wellness Center is the overpowering smell of incense and stale bong water.  The second thing we hope you notice is our positive energy.  Forget about expensive drugs, surgery and therapy.  Almost every known physical and emotional ailment can be cured by a stranger rubbing you or by covering your face with dirt.  Our New Age spa treatments work.  There are books written about it and everything.  Make an investment in your wellbeing today with one of the following treatments.
0xCFE17F14=踏入晨木SPA健康中心的那一刻，你最先注意到的会是焚香的味道和陈旧的烟壶水。接下来我们希望你注意到空间中的正能量。忘掉昂贵的药物、手术和治疗吧。人类已知的几乎所有疾病，无论是精神上的还是肉体上的，都可以在这里得到治疗。让陌生人替你搓一搓，或是在你脸上抹上泥土，病就治好了。我们的新纪元SPA疗法很管用，书上写得清清楚楚。 选择网站上的一种疗法，投资自己的健康吧。

;0xAF70FBAB=* Prices vary depending on the position of the moon.  Ask your esthetician for further details.
0xAF70FBAB=* 价格可能随月相发生变化。详情请咨询你的治疗师。

;0xCF0A72D3=It's a strange world we live in where half the people don't have enough water to live while the other half are pumping gallons of it up their own rectum.  But have you ever stopped to think about that stagnant pool of filth and decay that lies in your large intestine? All that rotting fecal matter festering and releasing noxious toxins into your blood stream? Fact - disease begins in the colon.  Actually, this is a myth propagated by the ancient Egyptians who also happened to believe in incest, divine cats and using baboons as waiters but let's not get bogged down in details.  A colonic might be an unpleasant, humiliating and completely ineffective treatment with no proven health benefits but you've got a 1 in 10 chance of an impromptu orgasm so it's got to be worth a try.  Prepare for a spiritual rebirth as an untrained teenager jams a hosepipe into your fartbox and shoots boiling-hot coffee up your ass.  The only danger is that you might like it a little too much.  Okay, there's also a danger of perforating your colon or catching an infection from contaminated equipment that's already been used on 15 other people that day and lazily swilled under the cold faucet but nobody said that inner purity was easy.
0xCF0A72D3=我们生活在一个奇怪的世界，半个世界的人缺乏水资源，难以生存，另外半个世界却在死命往肠子里灌水。但你有没有想过，自己的大肠里始终有一摊污垢和秽物？腐臭的粪便渐渐溃烂，向你的血管排放有害毒素？一个事实：所有疾病都始于肠道。实际上这是古埃及人编出来的，他们也喜欢乱伦，相信猫是神圣的，甚至也会让狒狒当侍从。好了，先不纠结这些细枝末节了。也许灌肠确实是一种不太舒服、有点丢人、完全无效的疗法，也没有任何证据能证明它对健康的好处，但你还是有十分之一的几率当场高潮，所以依然值得一试。准备好迎接心灵的重生吧，业余的年轻人会把水管插进你的屁眼，往你的肠子里灌滚烫的咖啡。灌肠的唯一风险就是你有可能上瘾。好吧，其实还有肠道穿孔的风险，而且对你使用的器材可能是之前15个人用过的，只是用水冲了一下，没有杀灭管子上的病菌，一个运气不好就得性病了。想要达到内在的纯净确实有点难度。

;0xE67555C5=more treatments
0xE67555C5=更多疗法

