;0xBA4426CA=Wow!  What a party! It went on for days... we were wasted by the end, let me tell you! My dad was 450 pounds when he keeled over in Burger Shot and at times it was like trying to roast a chicken with a birthday candle. It was kinda ironic he loved fast food so much but took so long to cook himself.  We sat him in a chair on top of the pyre with the TV remote in one hand and a 69 Brand in the other. My aunt was joking that they could see him from space! We had to shovel his ashes into a dump truck! He asked for them to be scattered on his ex-wife's carpet. Thanks for all your help, Home Cremation.
0xBA4426CA=哇！派对太嗨啦！我们嗨了好几天...散会的时候大家都喝麻了。这么说吧，我爸体重400斤，在吃得饱汉堡店里摔死了。他火化的时候，看着就像用生日蜡烛做烤鸡。他活着的时候很喜欢吃快餐，走的时候却花了那么长的时间来「做饭」，真是好笑。我们把他放在火堆顶部，遗体坐在椅子上，一手拿着电视遥控器，一手拿着号码是69的球衣。火堆很高，我姑姑笑着说天上的人都能看得见他了。我们用了一辆翻斗车来收拾他的骨灰，他还要求把骨灰撒到前任家的地毯上。总之，我们对家庭火化网表示感谢。

;0xE34B5D16=Mary-Jane, Flint County      
0xE34B5D16=Mary-Jane，弗林特郡

;0xDD102D45=We use Home Cremation on a weekly basis, daily if there is a lot of shit going down. Put it this way, luck is not something that our associates have in abundance. Damn bottom feeders! I like to spit vodka on the fire and watch them burn. Home Cremation helps us to dispose of our business quickly and cheaply. Most importantly they do not ask questions. I don't like questions. Questions and dental records keep me awake at night. We like the HC teeth retrieval service very much.
0xDD102D45=我们基本每周都会进行家庭火化，如果点背的话，我们每天都搞。这么说吧，我们这帮人就和好运没啥关系。混底层的太难了！我喜欢把伏特加往火上喷，看着它烧起来的样子。家庭火化网帮我们干了不少活，又便宜又迅速。最重要的是工作人员不会多问问题。我不喜欢问问题，问问题和牙科记录搞得我晚上睡不着。我们特别喜欢家庭火化网的牙齿回收服务。

;0x48694309=Name withheld, Firefly Island, Liberty City      
0x48694309=Name withheld，Firefly Island，自由城

;0xCDBDBF85=It was the worst night of my life when Estelle fell off that bridge. Such a waste of a life and she still had all the ecstasy in her pocket. Fucked up. It hit me real hard, man. I almost gave up the rock for life. Home Cremation helped us set up a huge bonfire at the back of the trailer park.  We drank, we sang, we had sex with strangers. Just as she would have wanted it. At midnight, I flicked a joint into the middle of the pyre and Estelle went up like Joan of Arc. Everyone cheered when her breast implants exploded! Can't wait to see the video! I'm going to scatter her ashes in the local strip club. At least that way I'll know her husband will go to see her every week.
0xCDBDBF85=Estelle从桥上掉下来的那晚是我人生中最糟糕的一夜。她口袋里的摇头丸还没嗑完就死了，真是太亏了。真的操了。对我来说打击很沉重，天啊。我已经嗨不起来了。家庭火化网帮我在拖车公园后面修了一个大火堆，我们吃吃喝喝，唱唱跳跳，和陌生人操逼，就像她活着时想要做的那样。午夜时分，我在火堆上扒拉开一道口子，她燃烧着的样子像极了圣女贞德。她的假奶子烧炸的时候，大家都欢呼了起来。我等不及要看录像了！我要把她的骨灰撒到我们这的脱衣舞厅去。至少我知道这样一来，他的老公会每周都会去看望她一次。

;0x1F803008=Cheena, Little Havana, Vice City       
0x1F803008=Cheena，小哈瓦那，罪城

