;0x1E7AA8B9=At some point, this generation was deluded into thinking that dirty feet in flip-flops, full-sleeve tattoos, multiple facial piercings and loose fitting tank tops that reveal massive amounts of cleavage is somehow the appropriate attire for a marketing meeting with a top 100 client. Don't you dare tell them to dress appropriately or you'll be sued into the ground for "sexism and discrimination." 
0x1E7AA8B9=有一天，这一代人上了大当，觉得人字拖、大花臂、脸上穿环和松松垮垮露出乳沟的吊带背心很潮，还打扮成这样去跟百强公司的大客户开销售会议。你又害怕自己会因为「性别歧视主义」被他们告死，不敢让他们换身打扮。

;0xF98EEE88=They've grown up expecting to be rewarded just for showing up. It's not enough to pay Millennials for their work; you have to THANK them for it. Give out certificates, trophies, balloons and gold stars for things like 'Kindness', 'Tolerance' and 'Instant Messaging'. If somebody completes a project on time, gather people around their desk to applaud them and present them with some movie tickets. Hold a monthly 'Helicopter Parents Day' so that the Millennials' overbearing mommies and daddies can hear first-hand how well their little angels are performing.
0xF98EEE88=从小到大，他们只要没有缺勤就能得到奖励。光给千禧一代支付劳动报酬还不够，必须要「感谢」他们的辛苦付出。给一些证书、奖杯、气球、星星，发点什么「体贴奖」「忍耐奖」「网上聊天奖」。如果有人按时完成工作，把附近的同事都叫过来一起喝彩，给他们发几张电影票。每月举办一次「家长进公司」，让千禧一代的慈父慈母近距离看看自家小天使的表现。

;0x5EB6395B=Growing up in a digital age has given Millennials the delusion that they are some kind of hot commodity. Unable to spell or focus on one thing, they think that just because they can download music to an MP3 player, they have the monopoly on tech-savvy. They assume that just because they can talk on a mobile phone while checking their email, listening to a mashup and watching video clips, they're somehow efficient and actually doing something meaningful. They believe that just because they've got a million virtual friends on their 
0x5EB6395B=生活在数字世代的千禧一代都有一种错觉，觉得自己很受欢迎。他们不仅提笔忘字，而且还没有专注力。他们觉得，往MP3里下歌不是人人都会，所以只有自己会玩电子产品。他们认为，打电话的同时看邮箱、听播客、看视频很牛逼，所以自己做事效率高，做的事都很有意义。他们相信，在

;0xF45679E4=MyRoom
0xF45679E4=MyRoom网

;0x991C199A= page, they have superior communication skills. Remember, these people put their painfully boring diaries online, give it a new name like "blog" and assume that their idiotic opinion actually matters. This means, as a manager or coworker of a millennial, you will need to pretend to seriously consider all their naïve ideas. Lie to them about how vital their contribution is to the success of your company.
0x991C199A=加的几百个网友就能够证明自己高超的沟通技能。记住，这些人会把又臭又无聊的日记发到网上，美其名曰「博客」，搞得跟自己的那点弱智想法很重要一样。换言之，作为千禧一代的管理者和共事者，你需要装作真的有在考虑他们的幼稚想法。连哄带骗，就说没有他就没有公司今天的成功，公司离不开他。

;0x5C37F3C4=Good luck trying to have a productive meeting or delegating  work. Start thinking of yourself as a babysitter rather than a boss. Millennials hate to be micromanaged yet cannot complete any task without continuous supervision and back talk. They've had their whole lives organized for them and lack the capacity to think or solve problems on their own. This is Generation WHY - don't expect any initiative; you need to show them exactly what to do every step of the way. If not, you will absolutely enjoy the look on their face when you fire them. You haven't seen stunned disbelief until a 20-something who has been coddled by mommy and daddy her whole life is told to hit the bricks. Toots.
0x5C37F3C4=如果你想跟千禧一代开会开出什么结果，或者是给他们分配工作，祝你好运。你要把自己当成保姆，不能有老板的架子。他们不喜欢事无巨细的管理，喜欢顶嘴，但没人盯着催着他们又什么都不会做。这就是没有任何主动性的歪世代。当然，你也可以炒了他们，那时他们的神色一定能让你愉悦。二十多岁的家伙被爸爸妈妈娇惯了一辈子，突然知道自己下岗了，他们一定会目瞪口呆。

;0x79DDBAAB=These people aren't looking for a career. They are looking for a bullet point on a social networking site. They have about as much loyalty as a hooker at a frat party. The next gig that comes along, they're out the door, before their first company Christmas party. They fully expect to be paid more for working less and, if you put them under too much pressure, they will simply quit and move back in with their rich Baby-Boomer parents. They're likely to ask for a promotion after two days, a corner office after two weeks and a career break to go backpacking around South America after two months.
0x79DDBAAB=这群人对职业生涯不感兴趣。他们只对社交网站上的个人资料感兴趣。他们的忠诚度也就和大学联谊会找的妓女差不多。说点高兴的，还没来得及参加公司的圣诞年会，他们就已经跑路了。他们只想着多拿钱少干活，你敢给他们太大压力，他们就敢当场辞职，回家和自己有钱的婴儿潮一代父母住。入职两天他们就来谈升职了，过两周就来要独立办公室了，过两个月就背着包来递辞呈，准备去南美旅游了。

;0x478B4F87=They may be just starting at the company in a lower level position, but they want a Bittersweet so they can send email and make mobile phone calls on the company's dime. Yoga classes, acupuncture, car service rides home if they work past 6 PM; you haven't seen entitlement until you get an expense report on your desk with multiple sushi lunches and bar tabs with explanations next to them that "we talked about work." Remember, you're subsidizing their lifestyle.
0x478B4F87=也许他们刚入职时还在公司底层，但他们想的却是先当孙子后当爷，过上花公司的钱打电话发邮件的生活。瑜伽课、针灸、六点后下班的打车费... 报销清单上写着好几家寿司店和酒吧，旁边还备注了一句「谈工作用」，你都不知道这也能报销。记住，你是在资助他们的生活方式。

;0x399C1310=Millennials are praise junkies who crave approval, recognition and validation for everything they do. They've spent their whole lives being told that they're special by enabling parents and teachers. Think of everything you say as a verbal pat on the back. Hug them, look into their eyes and tell them that they're valued. Send them a text message that says WE LUV U UR GR8. Set up an 'Attaboy Reynolds Booth' or hold a daily 'Compliment Shower' in the conference room. Do whatever you have to do to keep their egos inflated.
0x399C1310=千禧一代都有夸夸病，做什么事都希望而得到别人的赞成、认可、批准。父母和老师夸他们非同一般夸了一辈子。你得把自己说的每一句话都当成对他们的安抚。拥抱他们，望向他们的眼睛，告诉他们他们的宝贵价值。给他们发条短信「我们都<3你 你很棒棒哦\^o^/」，准备一间「乖孩子活动室」，或者每天在会议室里开一次「夸夸大会」。要满足他们过剩的自我意识必须无所不用其极。

;0x6C41671B=Millennials have the attention span of a squirrel and require constant stimulation. They also don't like to feel as if they're doing a job and are obsessed with work-life balance, meaning they work about 10% of the time and spend the rest of the day whining on message boards. Everything is more important than work to a Millennial. Forget about overtime and weekends. They claim to be goal-oriented but don't actually want to do any work and have never been taught how to cope with stress. Try to organize your workload around their personal life. Set aside a few hours of every day for social networking, a couple more for therapy and another hour for apologizing to them about the fact they will have to do some work.
0x6C41671B=千禧一代的专注力只有松鼠水平，必须持续刺激。他们也不想感受上班的压力，老惦记着工作与生活的平衡。换言之，他们只有10%的时间在工作，剩下的时间都在论坛怨天尤人。对千禧一代来说，什么事都比工作重要，别想让他们在晚上和周末加班。他们自称是目标导向，实际上根本就不想干活，也没有一点抗压能力。工作分配只能迁就他们的私人生活。给他们留几个小时刷社交网站，再留几个小时看心理医生，最后专门留一个小时跟他们说「非常抱歉，这些是给你安排的工作」。

;0xED7899F5=They've been brought up in a culture of instant gratification where people become rich and famous for eating animal penises on reality TV or singing like a wounded animal in a TV singer contest. They claim to follow politics and point to being politically active by whining on their blog. Millennials DON'T vote. If they claim to need to come in late so they can vote THEY ARE LYING. The only thing they vote in is the Shitty Singer Competition on CNT.
0xED7899F5=他们在即时满足的文化环境下成长，在综艺节目吃几个动物鸡巴，在唱歌选秀里鬼哭狼嚎，一下子就发财出名了，千禧一代自称关注政治，他们的博客里也有很多键政内容，但他们「不会」投票。如果他们说赶着投票晚点上班，绝对是在骗人。他们只会给CNT的《最烂歌手》节目投票。

;0x8912DB9B=This generation loves watching TV shows about rich people their age. They believe that because a few people got rich launching social networking sites that nobody cares about a few months later, they are on the same track. Every millennial believes it is their divine right to be a millionaire by 30. As an older manager, you stand in the way of this. However, as a bonus, many Millennials aren't averse to sleeping their way to the top. However, see the next point as a warning.
0x8912DB9B=这一代人喜欢看同龄富人出境的电视节目。他们相信，有些人能靠寿命只有几个月的社交平台发财，他们也可以。每个千禧一代都觉得自己注定会在30岁之前成为百万富翁。而你这个年纪更大的管理者则是他们的拦路虎。当然了，也有好处，千禧一代大多不介意一路睡到高层。不过，你必须把接下来的这条警告牢记于心。

;0xEBD7B566=These digerati believe that EVERYTHING needs to be recorded, blogged about, and posted online. Only bang your employees in a hotel and make them leave their camera-phones and other electronics in the car. Set an 
0xEBD7B566=这些电脑高手认为所有东西都需要记录留底、写成博客、发到网上。所以你只能选择酒店开房，还得让他们把拍照手机之类的电子产品放在车里。用

;0x351E83FD=Eyefind
0x351E83FD=

;0x77DF9220= alert that watches their blog so that if they start trying to become a superstar by writing saucy posts about your trysts, you can break it off before your wife reads about it.
0x77DF9220=监视他们的博客，一旦他们想通过和你约会的故事出名，你就可以在妻子发现之前斩草除根。

;0x0D12DA19=Use this to your advantage.
0x0D12DA19=利用好这一点。

