;0x3A599CB9=Being Gen-X, you probably have a lot of animosity towards Gen-Y. I mean, these people never had to deal with the full frontal assault on sensibilities that was the 80's. Nor did they come of age in the early 90's. They never had to wear plaid. Gen-X was born in the drug addled mess of the 60's and 70's.  One generation was taught to expect the world to shit on them; the other generation was taught to expect the world to be handed to them. Lock and load: the lines for generation warfare have been drawn.
0x3A599CB9=

;0xBF74C8E9=Studies have shown that most of the intergenerational conflict in the office isn't between the Baby-Boomers and the Millennials, it's between the GenXers and the Millennials. So why are GenXers are so mistrustful of Millennials? Put simply; in the battle of the generations, GenXers know all too well that they don't have demographics on their side. Sandwiched between 80 million Baby-Boomers and their 80 million Millennial cyberkids, this disaffected group of thirty- and forty-something cynics and stoners fear that they're going to be squeezed out and left behind as an army of optimistic and idealistic young upstarts sweeps through the workplace. They were the first generation who knew that they'd be poorer than their parents. They were the latchkey kids, the children of divorce who came home after school to empty houses and TV dinners. Thrown into the worst job market in decades, they created an industry out of thin air only for it to explode back in their faces with the dotcom bust. Now, after years of waiting patiently in the wings for their shot at the title, the disenfranchised, nihilistic GenXers are in danger of becoming a leapfrog generation. They've spent their entire careers playing by the rules of the Baby-Boomers but now suddenly the Millennials are being allowed to make up their own rules. They're angry, bitter and resentful and starting to actually like 80's music as they look for the last sane moment they ever knew.
0xBF74C8E9=

