;0x2DDD9A6F="Eris is truly a global brand.  And when I say 'global brand', I mean it's made in some Asian country you're too scared to visit and sold at a 10,000% markup.  That, my friend, is the kind of entrepreneurial spirit all Americans wearing Eris are made of. It's like charity.  Do you not see the urban commercials on TV?  Our logo on the foreheads of the top coaches in sports?   Our footwear is sold all over North America and Western Europe and made all over Africa and South-East Asia.   Over the past 4 years we have been aggressively implementing our 'Sew For Success' initiative across all manufacturing sites with a view towards streamlining operations.  We have also cut costs by downsizing many of our Eris Town superstores to Eris Hamlets.  It's been a great year.  The shareholders are happy and we will be giving something back to the loyal Eris customer by only increasing our prices by 15% (Or more for limited edition shoes. Limited edition shoes are shoes we make less of, to drive the prices up).
0x2DDD9A6F=「Eris是真正的全球品牌，在某些人怕得不敢去的亚洲国家生产，再运回国内卖出百倍利润。朋友们，这种企业家的精神正是穿Eris的美国人所拥有的。这是一种慈善。你在电视上看见过我们投放在城里的广告牌吗？看到过顶级教练脑门上印着我们的商标吗？我们的鞋子畅销北美西欧，产于非洲东南亚。过去四年中，为了简化流程，我们在各个生产基地推广了『踩出成功』的精神。同时，我们也缩减了许多Eris之城旗舰店的规模，改为成本更低的Eris村落。这是伟大的一年。股东都很开心，为了回馈Eris的忠实顾客，我们决定仅仅涨价15% (限量版的价格涨幅可能更高。限量版就是我们人为制造稀缺，卖出更高价格的产品)。

;0x0B033300=Eris receives a lot of flak in the liberal media for its corporate practices, especially our third-world production line.  These are lies.  Our workforce is strictly volunteer now and besides, what would you rather do?  Starve or earn 10 cents an hour?  A 401K and a gym membership aren't going to put food on their floor.  Children require less sleep and women are better at multi-tasking.  It's simply good business sense and good community practice in this global village we call heaven's locker room. That's right, since I went to rehab last year, I've found religion and I'm on a mission from the Big Guy to spread fashionable athletic footwear to the entire world.  We spend billions every year on advertising and celebrity endorsements and that has to come from somewhere.  Apart from men with mid-life crises trying to connect with a lost generation, the vast majority of our customers are under 25 and it is tough pitching over-priced products to a demographic with no direction, disposable income or decency for that matter.  We need marketing that is strong enough to persuade people to steal from their friends, emotionally blackmail their parents or go into debt to buy a pair of Eris sneakers.  You have to pay hundreds of millions of dollars to get big names like Tyrone 'The Tower' Hancock and Ernesto Asaltacunas on your books and product placements in rap videos do not come cheap.
0x0B033300=Eris因其企业方针，遭到了自由派媒体的强烈抨击，对我们第三世界生产线的抨击尤为严重。但这些抨击都是谎言。我们的工人一直都是自愿工作，如果让你选，你会选择饿死还是10美分的时薪？企业年金和健身房使用权可没法让他们填饱肚子。童工需要的睡眠时间更短，女性更擅长一心多用。这是很正常的商业考量，同时也是在这个被我们称为天国更衣室的地球村中的义工活动。没错，去年从康复中心出来后我就信教了，那位大人赋予了我向世界传播运动鞋时尚的使命。我们每年都会在广告宣传和名人代言上投入数十亿资金，这笔钱总得有个来由。除了想和迷茫一代套近乎的中年油腻男，我们的绝大多数顾客都在25岁以下，要向这么一群没有目标、没有收入、没有礼貌的人推销溢价产品实在不太容易。只有把市场营销强化到让人愿意为Eris的鞋子偷朋友的钱、威胁父母要钱乃至背上累累债务，才能达成销售目标。想让高塔Tyrone Hancock和Ernesto Asaltacunas这样的球星同意合作，不掏几百万是拿不下来的。在说唱MV里植入广告的价格也不便宜。

;0x5AC6454B=We estimate that only 1% of our customers actually play any sport in Eris footwear so pretty soon we are going to have to channel all our marketing efforts through gangsters and hip-hop stars.  This all costs money.  Hip hop stars smoke really expensive marijuana. Which I am not a fan of. I used to take bull shark testosterone, but now, I've found a better way to live."
0x5AC6454B=根据统计，我们的顾客中只有1%的人真正参与运动，所以之后我们会将营销重心转移到黑道大亨和说唱明星上去。这都需要大量的投入。说唱明星抽的大麻很贵，不过我本人并不喜欢大麻。我以前经常用牛鲨睾酮，但现在，我找到了更健康的生活方式。」

;0x4D6DF804= EXCLUSIVE BAO "RAINBOW" COLLABORATION 
0x4D6DF804= 画家阿宝独家联名款「彩虹」

