;0x560B77A4=High school dropouts, crack moms, ex-cons, fine art graduates, parolees, YOU! Calling all disadvantaged groups! Take a look at all the beautiful, smiling, thin people in our brochure. Work for Burger Shot! We will employ you when nobody else will! We even hire people rejected by Wigwam Burger. Illiteracy and acne preferred.
0x560B77A4=呼叫全市低能人！你是高中辍学生、吸毒老母亲、累累前科犯、美术毕业生、被假释人员吗？看看我们宣传册里的这些皮笑肉不笑的人吧。选择吃得饱汉堡，就算没人收你，我们收。Wigwam Burger不收的人，我们也收。文盲和脸上长痘的人优先考虑。

;0xC1F86FA2=Burger Shot is an equal opportunity employer - we hire lots of teenage dropouts. Our restaurants are a great place to learn a foreign language, including English. We empower our workers, which is why they look so smug when they tell you that "we stopped serving breakfast one second ago". The majority of our staff is under 21, apart from the really old senile people who we like to hire to mop up their own urine. All work is part-time and we do not pay overtime. Most employees last about three weeks. If you make it past a month, we will promote you to Service Expert (no pay raise). We will give you some nominal training, like: how to over-salt food so that people buy more drinks. After all, we don't want to lose our federal tax breaks. However, like a good frat party with a drunk girl, the assembly line approach is the key to our success and we have broken down the burger-making process into a series of mind-numbing repetitive actions. The last thing we want is anyone claiming that they are a skilled worker and demanding minimum wage or benefits. If you think that this sounds bad, try spending a day with our tomato-pickers in Central America. 
0xC1F86FA2=在招聘员工这块，吃得饱汉堡做到了人人平等。我们招聘了很多辍学的年轻人，店里也是个学习外语的好地方，包括英语。我们提拔员工，这就是为什么他们自豪地说「从现在开始我们不用在早餐岗上班了」。除了那些老得一边干活一边尿失禁的员工，大部分人年龄不到21岁。所有岗位都是兼职的，我们不付加班费。大部分员工三个星期后就跑路了，如果你能坚持一个月，你会晋升为「服务之星」（工资照旧）。名义上，我们会给你开展一些培训，例如在菜里放多点盐，让大家点更多的饮料。毕竟税都减了，肯定要狠狠地赚一把。然而，正如嗨翻天的聚会一定有烂醉的妹子一样，成功的快餐店里一定会有流水生产线。我们把汉堡的制作过程分解成重复到令人麻木的动作。我们最不希望的是有人说自己是熟练工，还对最低工资或福利提要求。你要是觉得不行，那就去美国中部摘西红柿，体验一下生活吧。

;0x8E37D485=If flipping burgers is not your thing, why not work in one of our slaughterhouses? Can you imagine slitting throats all day? How many other jobs allow you to use a stun gun and skin animals alive? No experience necessary.
0x8E37D485=如果你觉得自己不是做汉堡的料，为什么不试试去屠宰岗呢？想象一下一整天都在割喉咙放血是什么感觉？又能有几个工作可以用得上电击枪，可以活剥动物的皮？本岗位无需工作经验。

;0xE6E11205=NOTE:
0xE6E11205=请注意：

;0x650372D6= Be very careful how you pronounce onion rings. If it sounds anything like 'union rings', we will sack you on the spot or put in a call to say that you have violated your parole. 
0x650372D6=上菜要说「洋葱圈」的时候发音准确一点。要是发音不准，变成了「要同权」之类的意思，我们会马上解雇你，或者报警说你违反了假释相关规定。

;0x7AEECD22=Join Burger Shot today!
0x7AEECD22=现在就加入吃得饱汉堡吧！

