;0x7DD8E8A1=Despite what slanted anti-patriotic documentaries out there say - Burger Shot is a shining emblem of the American way, the American meal, and the American lifestyle. Stop in to Burger Shot, because everybody likes to get their stinking meat between two dripping moist buns! There is no smell quite like the moment you walk into Burger Shot. Burning fat, decomposing flesh, day-old diarrhea, rotting vegetables, baby vomit, hobo sweat and crack smoke all blend together to form the delicious, unmistakable aroma of America's favorite national quick service restaurant chain. Burger Shot is a symbol of hope for children around the world. Children in Nigeria see us all bubbling out of our trousers, doing our part in the national obesity epidemic and get so upset that they take out their anger by sending spam emails.
0x7DD8E8A1=不管那些戴着有色眼镜的反动节目怎么说，吃得饱汉堡依然是美国餐饮和生活方式的一块闪亮招牌。来到店门口，大家都停下了脚步。谁不喜欢这种两块油滋滋的面包夹着臭肉的食物呢？走进店里，一股从未闻到过的气味传入鼻腔：滋滋作响的油、腐烂变质的肉和菜、陈年堆积的屎、婴儿的呕吐物、流浪汉的汗、烧可卡因的烟，全部混在了一起，形成了全美国最受欢迎快餐店的标志性香味。吃得饱汉堡也是全球孩子的梦想。尼日利亚的小孩看着从我们裤子里冒出来的肥肉，看着人人都在为美国的肥胖潮贡献力量，气得只能用垃圾邮件轰炸我们发泄。

;0x336DFFC7=You see, BS is a beacon at the head of the relentless march towards cultural homogenization - a little something we call progress. Over the past 50 years, we have perfected the standardization of eating environments that are impossible to relax in. It would not be Burger Shot without the uncomfortable plastic seats, bright lighting and mirrors that make you look like you have just come out of a meth binge. We feed 50% of Americans every day and own more land than all religious institutions combined. Everybody loves the flame-burnt, painted-on flavor of Burger Shot. A 48-hour aftertaste is a small price to pay when you can feed the whole family for $3. Our food is cheap in the short term and costly in the long term. Just like our economic policies. Great.      
0x336DFFC7=如你所见，吃得饱汉堡是漫漫长路上的灯塔，指引着文化同质化的方向，也被称为进步的方向。过去的50年中，我们创造了标准统一的用餐环境，确保顾客无法在店里放慢节奏。难受的塑料凳、刺眼的灯光、照得你像刚溜完冰一样的镜子，这才是吃得饱汉堡的灵魂所在。我们喂饱了美国一半的人口，占有的土地比所有宗教团体加起来还多。大家都喜欢吃得饱汉堡的烧烤和抹酱风味。虽然嘴里会难受两天，但考虑到3块钱就能喂饱全家，这点牺牲也值得了。我们的餐品短期来看花费很少，长期来看代价高昂，正如我们的经济政策。很可以。

