;0x6E2F5B73=Kids love fast food. And we love kids! Especially ones who pull their parents into our stores so they can shove shit down their throats and become the type of lazy fuckwad Americans that only care about TV and not democracy. We spend billions every year on aggressively marketing our products to the tween demographic. The younger our customers are, the easier it is to mold their eating preferences for life. Our 'Every Child Deserves To Be Loved' TV campaign has been very successful in encouraging young people to emotionally blackmail their parents into spending money at Burger Shot. Also please note that we give away free fries during every Amber Alert.
0x6E2F5B73=小孩喜欢吃快餐，而我们喜欢小孩，特别喜欢那种非要拉着爹妈进店消费，大吃一顿，然后变成大懒狗，只寻思看电视，不寻思搞政治的人。我们每年花几十亿，在青少年中大搞市场营销。年轻的顾客更容易被塑造他们的饮食喜好。我们主题为「每个孩子都应该被爱」的电视广告成功地鼓动了年轻人道德绑架他们的父母带他们去吃得饱汉堡消费。但也请记住，每发出儿童失踪警报时，我们会赠送免费的薯条。

;0x773FF1F8=Nutritional advice? Take it with a large pinch of salt! Who are you going to listen to? Some crusty hippy or sexless crone? Or one of the funny, colorful, cuddly mascots that we send to your school? What do you care about your diet?! Nobody ever had a stroke at the age of 10!
0x773FF1F8=营养建议？狠狠地吃盐就完事了！谁告诉你的？是那帮暴脾气的嬉皮士还是性冷淡的老太婆？还是我们送到学校去的那些五颜六色可爱得想拿来抱抱的玩偶？对于你的饮食你有啥好在乎的？！谁会在10岁的时候就得中风啊！

;0x078289B9=Many of our restaurants have cool playscapes where you will find lots of other chubby kids flopping down slides, more germs than a campsite toilet and a couple of fully-grown men masturbating behind the ball pit. 
0x078289B9=我们很多门店内都有漂亮的游乐场，许多胖嘟嘟的小孩在这玩滑梯，然后摔下来；这里的细菌比野营厕所里的还多，甚至还有成年人在球池后面打手冲。

;0xD0E00564=Celebrate your birthday at Burger Shot! You never know when it might be your last!
0xD0E00564=来吃得饱汉堡过生日吧！你永远也不知道自己能活到什么时候！

;0x0EFF8BE2=Burger Shot's Birthday Meat Muffin is the perfect treat! A fistful of reconstituted cattle off-cuts, the Meat Muffin is frosted with salt and comes with fries for candles (note: candle wax is also made from beef tallow so you can light them if you want).
0x0EFF8BE2=过生日就选生日牛肉马芬饼！一把脱水边角料牛肉，饼上撒了盐，还插有薯条做的蜡烛（请注意：烛蜡是牛油做的，你可以选择是否点燃）。

