;0xC2D28EFB=Unfortunately, Bali is not the first place where locals have sought to take advantage of James' benevolent and accommodating nature in order to line their pockets with his trust fund. When working on a report in Sri Lanka for his radio show 'The Wild Traveler', James was once again the helpless victim of a terrible misunderstanding and a willful attempt to cast a slur on the good Pedeaston name. Like any self respecting gent, Pedeaston hired himself a live-in houseboy called Avrindar to help out around the villa. Many engaging reports on his show were centered around this devastatingly handsome boy. Two weeks later, Avrindar was seen fleeing the compound in a pair of moleskin chaps and police officers arrived at James' door the following morning with a warrant for his arrest. American diplomats managed to negotiate with the Sri Lankan authorities and Pedeaston was deported back to the USA where he was subsequently released. The incident remains cloaked in controversy. Avrindar is quoted as saying:        
0xC2D28EFB=

;0x8B74D25C=Mr. Pedeaston told me that I would be required to polish his banister, clean his carpet and roll his cigar. These chores turned out to be very different than I had imagined.
0x8B74D25C=

;0xC2731ED6=James has always vehemently defended his innocence and told journalists:     
0xC2731ED6=

;0xB8099A70=I am extremely hurt at the scurrilous accusations. I wear my heart on my sleeve and a tight pair of shorts and I make no excuses for either. I gave Avrindar a chance to escape the depravity of his filthy existence, a chance to better himself in the service of an upper-cruster of impeccable breeding. He was hawking necklaces on the street when I met him, God damn it! I took him under my wing, taught him about right and wrong, about giving and taking. I thought that we had a special relationship, the type of close bond that is only possible between two men. Avrindar stabbed me in the back, and not in a good way. His claims are preposterous. Forced to be a sex slave 24-hours a day? Balderdash! Some evenings he would play master and I would wear the dog collar. It was a two-way street.
0xB8099A70=

