;0xF22B56DC=Freedom comes at a high price in Indonesia. And we need your assistance in greasing the wheels of the local justice system. No amount is too big! Every day you probably spend $5 on Bean Machine coffee. Just think if you drank putrid water instead, just like poor people?? Or swapped that lunchtime cocktail for a fruit juice? Or what if you didn't eat fast food that one time, and cut up a cucumber with some hummus instead? We can all make sacrifices, and thinking of James scooping rice out of a cockroach-infested bowl will soon make you lose your appetite.
0xF22B56DC=

;0x5FDFAF6E=English books and magazines are a rarity in Bali. James loves to read. He especially loves child development textbooks. Send books! He's looking for printouts of several teen blogs he followed religiously before incarceration as well as any magazines to help stay on top of pop culture, such as Teen and Kidz on the Beat, or any clothing catalogues, especially for children's clothing companies, so James can keep up his keen interest in fashion.
0x5FDFAF6E=

;0x0CB55E72=There is no better way to make a difference in the world than to wear a sloganed T-shirt. This has been an acknowledged truth since Roman times. T-shirts change minds, and let people know that you have a cause. Get your "Free James" T-shirt (available in petite, babydoll and sheer tee sizes) and wear it everyday until James is released.
0x0CB55E72=

;0x05DDE078=Americans made a change for the better when they stopped buying French wine in 2003 after the French pointed out that we might be wrong about something. When you know you're right, it's the best feeling in the world, because nobody can tell you different. And we all know that a special bond with pre-pubescent youths is no reason to be locked up in a disease-ridden prison cell.
0x05DDE078=

;0xCFFEB945=If you are in Bali, why not take a break from your own tour of discovery and pay him a visit? You can't spend your whole week in a go-go bar!! Well, you can but you will enjoy it a lot more if you take a break for a couple of hours. A friendly face and an affectionate hug will mean the world to James and any prescription drugs you can spare will be much appreciated. His cell is the third window from the right. Toss your goods through the bars of the window. He will be so happy.
0xCFFEB945=

