;0x101E48B5=Hey blogosphere!  I don't know what I would have done without the support of SWAG (Single Womyn Against Grooming).  They have taken me in, made me understand myself, and have been a huge help in showing me how to reaffirm my identity as a strong, independent womon.  14 weeks today since I threw the razor in the trash!  I am so delighted to have discovered the joy of being a natural womon!  I remember when I was a freshperson at college and I would flaunt around campus in tight clothing and cut my bangs into a stupid little fringe.  I would shave my legs, put depilatory cream on my ssideburns, wax my butt, tweeze my nipple hair, pluck my eyebrows... all to pander to the pedophilic fantasies of insecure men.  Men want women to look like nubile teenagers.  Im sitting here right now typing with one hand and stroking my downy thigh with the other.  It's so therapeutic, like petting a poodle.  I love my fleecy forearms and my chest hair is really taking shape.    Thank god for my Armenian grandmother and the testosterone pills !!  I run outside every morning, throw my arms in the air and let my pit hair flutter in the wind like a banner of hope for oppressed womyn all over the world. Why should I have to remove the body hair that symbolizes my sexual matuurity?  Why should womyn be forced to look like pre-pubescent virgins just because the male race has been brainwashed by porn??!!  Dont primp and preen for the patriarchy who control our wealth and program us into submissiveness.  Hold your heads up high, ladies, wear your body hair with pride!!!!    
0x101E48B5=嘿，博客圈的大家！真不知道没有 SWAG (单身女性长毛会) 的支持我会怎么样。她们接纳了我，让我理解了自己，帮我重塑了强大、独立的女性身份。这已经是扔掉剃刀后的第14周了！能够发现女性顺其自然的快乐，我很高兴！还记得刚上大学的时候，我还会打扮一番，梳理刘海，在学校里大肆夸耀。当时我刮腿毛，往鬓角抹脱毛膏，屁股上做蜜蜡脱毛，用脱毛器拔胸毛，修了眉毛...  全都是为了迎合那些自卑的恋童男。男人就想让女人打扮成性感的少女。我现在正坐在这儿单手打字，另一只手在抚摸长毛的大腿。太解压了，就像在摸泰迪狗。我喜欢自己毛绒的前臂，胸毛也很有型。感谢我的亚美尼亚祖母和睾酮片！！我每天早上都要跑出去，挥舞双臂，腋毛在风中飘动，就像是一面象征全世界受压迫女性的希望之旗。为什么我非得把象征着性成熟的体毛除掉？为什么男人被黄片洗脑了，女人就非得打扮成青春期前的处女？？！！别再为父权社会梳妆打扮了，他们只会控制我们的财富，把我们变成唯命是从的奴隶。昂首挺胸吧，姑娘们，自豪地秀出你们的体毛！！！！

;0x321462A3=UPDATED - 1 MONTH AGO
0x321462A3=发表于 1 个月前

;0xD068EAB1=Hello sisters!!!  Well, it's 5 months now since the ink dried on my divorce papers and I am slowly starting to adjust to my new life.  I hear that Kevin has shacked up with his slutty secretary - such a CLICHÉ!!! - in a swanky condo across town.  To get back at him, I spent yesterday scatterbombing truck stops all over the city with calling cards that said "M4M.  I'm a naughty cub who needs to be taught a lesson!  Looking for big daddy bear to put me over his knee and spank me.  10 inches cut. Own paddle preferred.  Please call after 2 AM and ask for Kevin."  Ha ha!!    10 inches...what a joke!  More like 3.75, on a warm day.  My ex husband was such a sexist pig.  He hated every bone in my body, except his.  He used to say if womyn only make 70 cents for every dollar that a man earns, why haven't companies got rid of all the men and put the competition out of business?  He even had the nerve to joke that he shouldn't have to support me at the same standard of living since I no longer cook for him or clean his new house.  Bastard!!!  I hope that he's happy with his giggling 22-year-old nymphomaniac with her fake tits and brazilian.  Actually, I don't... I hope that he dies in a plane crash.      
0xD068EAB1=姐妹们好！！！离婚协议已经签了五个月了，我也慢慢开始适应现在的新生活了。听说Kevin已经和烂货秘书同居了，老套路了！！！就在镇上另一边的豪华公寓。为了报复他，昨天一整天我跑遍了全城的卡车休息站，发了一大堆招嫖卡片。上面写着「男寻男。我是一只顽皮的小熊，需要有人给我点教训！需要一个强壮的熊爸爸按住我打我屁股。25公分。最好用球拍打。请在凌晨2点后联系，让Kevin接电话。」哈哈！！25公分...  开什么玩笑！顶天十公分。我前夫就是头不折不扣的性别歧视蠢猪。他讨厌我身体中的所有骨头，除了他插进去的部分。以前他还说「如果做同样的工作，女人的工资只有男人的七成，那老板怎么还不把所有男人裁了，干翻同行？」他居然还好意思说，因为我不给他做饭也不打扫屋子了，所以每个月的给我的生活费应该比以前少才对。混账！！！祝他和那个22岁的隆胸脱毛性瘾傻娘们幸福美满。实际上，还是算了吧...  祝他坠机丧命。

