;0xBC7E58E7=GETTING THERE 
0xBC7E58E7=交通方式

;0x91548456=We locate all our stores in places that are really difficult to get to, preferably with access routes that are particularly prone to heavy congestion. Just keep your eye out for a windowless metal box the size of an airport. If you enjoy the third-world experience of traveling with 200 people on a 40-seater bus, some cities also offer a shuttle service. We recommend that you bring a change of clothing. You will be away from home for a couple of days. It will make you melancholy for many reasons. 
0x91548456=我们的商场都设在路途不便的地方，入口附近最好容易堵车。在路边找找没有窗户的铁盒子，面积比机场还大的就是我们的店。如果你喜欢第三世界式的挤巴士，部分城市也提供接驳服务。我们建议您带上换洗衣物，可能要逛几天才能回家。出于种种原因，你都会感到忧郁。

;0x0240F1A7=SHOWROOM
0x0240F1A7=展厅

;0xCD5AAAFC=Once inside the store, pick up a pair of shin-pads and throw any small children into the pit of plastic balls by the entrance. Teach them that the human soul lives in isolation, as all Swedes know. Now you're ready for the labyrinth. No windows, no clocks, no cell phone reception. As soon as you step through those revolving doors, you are plunged into a time vacuum where day and night no longer apply. And we have got rid of the sun, just like in Sweden.
0xCD5AAAFC=进入商场以后，拿上一对护腿，把小孩扔到入口处的海洋球池子里。让孩子学会瑞典人早就明白的道理：人类的灵魂是孤独的。接下来你就可以进入迷宫了。没有窗户，没有时钟，没有手机信号。步入旋转门的瞬间，你就被吸入了没有时间的世界，再也没有了昼夜。我们也隔绝了阳光，就像瑞典本土那样。

;0x919467ED=All KRAPEA stores operate a strict one-way system, designed to funnel customers into bottlenecks and keep people away from the exit at all costs. Don't think that we're going to let you go straight to the bedroom section - you're going to traipse past every product that we stock whether you like it or not. We are in charge. We control you. Resistance is futile. Don't try to swim against the tide or we will twist an Allen key into one of your pressure points or stab one of those little brown pencils into your eye. Just follow the big arrows and don't ask questions. If you get tired, you can lie down on one of the beds and rest your head on a pillow that hasn't been washed for 7 years.  
0x919467ED=宜室的所有商场都严格遵守单向原则，旨在将顾客困在商场内部，尽量远离出口。别以为你能直达卧室展厅，不管你喜不喜欢，都得走过我们设置的所有展厅才能到达卧室。我们说了算。我们控制着你。反抗是徒劳的。别想着逆流而上，否则就等着我们用六角扳手修理你身上的压力点，或是用木头铅笔戳瞎你的眼睛吧。跟着墙上的箭头走，什么都别问。如果你累了，可以躺在展厅的床上，把头靠到七年没洗的枕头上歇一会儿。

;0x19B6F913=We aim to provide a member of staff per mile of storeroom floor but this depends on the dollar-krona exchange rate. Slip one of our employees $50 and they will show you the secret passage that leads to the Exit Bistro. At certain points, we replicate a display that you passed earlier on your journey. This is all part of the disorientation process and gives you that unerring feeling that you are going round in circles, that you are somehow trapped in a looping continuum of brightly-colored shelving units. Just a little joke on our part. Sometimes jokes help with the melancholy. Sometimes, they make it worse. We are starved of daylight in northern Europe and this gives us a sense of humor more warped than our lacquered patio chairs. Every couple of weeks, we round up hundreds of street urchins and let them run wild in our stores.  
0x19B6F913=我们的目标是展厅中每英里都有一位员工，但能否实现主要取决于美元与瑞典克朗之间的汇率。给我们的员工塞$50，他就会告诉你通往出口食品屋的秘密通道。有时候，我们会特地布置两个相同的展厅，扰乱你的方向感，给你一种自己在绕圈圈的错觉，像是被困在了光鲜亮丽的柜子循环当中。我们就开个玩笑。有时开玩笑可以减轻忧郁，有时开玩笑也会让情况更糟。我们北欧人渴求阳光，正因如此，我们的幽默感比店里出售的折叠椅还要扭曲。每隔几周，我们都会找几百个流浪小孩，让他们在店里肆意奔跑。

;0x94D3E04E=All our products have a huge label with 10 different, meaningless codes. One of these is the product code. Pick one, write it down and hope for the best. If you manage to crack our code, we will give you a free table made of real wood. Each item in a furniture range has a slightly different shade of wood stain. We brainwash you with clever advertising into obsessing about color coordination in the home and then torment you by offering things that ALMOST match. Ingenious. .       
0x94D3E04E=我们的所有产品上都有一个巨大的标签，标签上印有10个没有意义的不同编号。其中只有一个是产品编号。挑一个编号记下来，祈祷自己能拿到正确的货吧。如果有人成功破译了编号，我们会送他一张免费的实木桌子。家具区域内的产品所使用的染料存在些许不同。我们会用精心设计的广告向你灌输一个观点，家里的色彩协调非常重要，之后再出售颜色「几乎」相同的家具，让你陷入烦恼。太聪明了。

;0xC921FEF6=RESTAURANT
0xC921FEF6=餐厅

;0x8B1CFEE0=After 9 hours of being herded like cattle through a furniture metropolis, what better way to relax and bring down the blood pressure than some traditional Swedish food? A few prawns scattered on top of a fistful of mayonnaise, gray balls of dog food in sweet, yellowy gravy and a refreshing glass of lingonberry juice is enough to bolster anyone's spirits. Here we actually provide you with some windows so that you can enjoy a panoramic view of desolate industrial wasteland. We are a lonely people. You should be, too.
0x8B1CFEE0=在家具城里像牲口一样被人遛了九个小时以后，来一些瑞典传统食物放松一下、降降血压，实在再合适不过了。在虾仁上涂满蛋黄酱，给灰色的狗粮粒淋上甜口的黄色肉汁，再来一杯提神醒脑的越橘汁，任何人吃完都会神清气爽。我们会在餐厅留出窗口，让你有机会欣赏荒凉工业废地的风光。我们都是孤独的人，你也不能例外。

;0x1E0C3BFA=HOUSEHOLD ITEMS
0x1E0C3BFA=家居用品

;0xD351B5C8=As you leave the restaurant, you are hit with the horrifying realization that you still have another floor to negotiate before we will even consider allowing you a sniff of fresh air. Snarl at your partner, grit your teeth and prepare for home furnishing hell. This is where we bamboozle you into buying stuff that you don't need. Metal toilet seats, floating tea-lights, luminous cocktail shakers, plastic toaster racks, polyester wardrobe space-savers, butt plugs that light up, square lamps made of concertinaed paper, tacky posters in picture frames... after traversing a few acres of novelty Nordic knick-knacks, you will notice a sudden shift in behavior. Women start to panic, sweeping spatulas, scented candles and shoe racks into complimentary mesh shopping bags. Men are found discussing the pros and cons of throw cushions, finally stripped of the last vestiges of masculinity. You begin to understand now why the Scandinavians drink so much. Time to get out.
0xD351B5C8=走出餐厅后，你会意识到一个可怕的事实——逛完新的这层楼前，还是没有机会闻到新鲜空气。向你的伴侣发个脾气，咬紧牙关，准备进入家具地狱吧。我们会在这层楼骗你购买根本用不到的东西。金属马桶盖、水上烛台灯、夜光调酒器、塑料吐司架、涤纶的衣柜收纳箱、发光肛塞、纸糊的四方灯、装在相框里的俗气海报... 走出了放着这些新奇的北欧小摆设的区域后，你会发现所有人都变了副模样。女人开始慌了，免费赠送的购物布袋里装着清洁刮刀、香薰蜡烛和鞋架。男人开始讲起靠垫的好处和坏处，彻底丢掉了最后一点男子气概。你开始理解为什么斯堪的纳维亚人那么爱喝酒了。好了，该出去了。

;0xDA113D84=WAREHOUSE
0xDA113D84=仓库

;0xF006F81A=Or is it...? You run for the exit, kicking feral brats out of your way, only to emerge into a cavernous warehouse. Now it finally dawns on you that we are going to steal your soul. Welcome to the flat-pack jungle. Here you discover that you need to be a professional weightlifter to actually move any of the packages off the shelves. All around you are the skeletons of people who underestimated the power of the pressboard. And don't expect any help from us. If you want a wardrobe for $50, you're going to carry it yourself. There's nothing funnier than an 80lb pensioner trying to wrestle down a garden bench from the rafters of an aircraft hangar. We could release a DVD of our CCTV footage on a daily basis. In the unlikely event that you succeed in balancing your bedroom furniture on top of a supermarket cart, it's time to take on the checkout.
0xF006F81A=该出去了... 吗？你奔向出口，赶走了挡在路上的野小孩，眼前却是一个黑洞洞的仓库。这才意识到，我们会偷走你的灵魂。欢迎来到平板包装的丛林。你会发现只有专业的举重运动员才能从货架上取下商品，身边全都是低估了硬纸箱重量的尸骸。别指望我们帮你取货，想要$50的衣柜，就得自己搬回去。最好笑的画面莫过于一个70斤的老头试图从机库的木架上抽出一条长椅了。我们甚至可以把每天的监控剪成集锦DVD。如果你化不可能为可能，将卧室家具放到了购物车上，那么是时候结账了。

