;0xE9D13A79=CHECKOUT
0xE9D13A79=结账

;0x7EFDC60C=The line, the bitch and the wardrobe. If you make it this far with your sanity intact, the checkout is where we bring out the big guns. You're going to have to dig deep to get through this. The media portrays us as money-hungry monopolists but in fact we are happiest when someone leaves our store with no furniture, when they throw in the $3 towel. Our satisfaction lies in pushing the consumer over the edge, in testing the thresholds of pain and frustration. It's a Swedish thing.  The checkout area is like a scene from a refugee camp. The lines are longer than the latest ride at an amusement park on a Saturday afternoon. People are crying and banging their heads on walls. The weak are trampled under foot. The floor is a marshland of cardboard and human waste. You've developed an irrational hatred for your fellow man. Now, you are melancholy. High-school dropouts at the cash register talk to you like you have a mental retardation. Your emotional breakdown is complete. By the time you realize that you've been in our store for two days, your cash will already be winging its way to a tax haven. 
0x7EFDC60C=队列、婊子、衣柜。如果到了这里你还能保持理智，我们就要在收银台动真格了。你必须竭尽全力才能通过。媒体把我们描绘成了爱财如命的垄断者，但有人两手空空或是只买了条三块的毛巾就走出店门才是我们最高兴的时候。我们的快乐建立在顾客的崩溃之上，通过测试痛苦与沮丧的极限获得。这就是瑞典风格。收银区的场面就像是难民营。队伍比周六下午的游乐场中最新的过山车还要长。人们呼天抢地，而弱者早已被踏在脚下。这层楼是纸板箱和排泄物构成的泥沼。你的心中莫名涌现出一股对同行人的恨意。现在，你忧郁了。情绪彻底崩溃。在你发现自己已经在我们店里待了两天之前，你的钱早已流入了避税天堂。

;0xA6588816=EXIT BISTRO
0xA6588816=出口食品屋

;0x383600A6=You will know when you are reaching the end of your epic journey when you spot a condiment bar covered in flies and baby sick. By 10 AM, the Exit Bistro looks like the aftermath of a frat party. You've beaten your children, your marriage is over and you've lost the will to live. But two hotdogs for a dollar? Come on, that's enough to cheer anyone up! Mind you, you will have to assemble them yourselves. We provide you with some pig snouts, discarded entrails and a synthetic, cellulose casing in a flat cardboard box.
0x383600A6=看见满是苍蝇的调味台，闻到婴儿的味道，你就知道自己终于来到了旅途的终点。早上十点之前，出口食品屋就已是一副刚开过大学联谊会的模样。孩子已经揍过了，婚姻也已经破裂了，生的欲望早就被磨灭了。什么，两个热狗一块钱？好啦，谁听了都能振作起来的！事先提醒，还是需要你自己组装。我们只会为你提供一个平板纸箱，里面装着几个猪鼻、没人要的内脏和一个人造纤维的套子。

;0xDA135F81=LOAD UP THE CAR 
0xDA135F81=装进汽车

;0x669C2B63=You emerge into the outside world with a slipped disc, wincing at the natural light that has eluded you for so long. Now all you have to do is load your furniture into the truck. Wait, you don't have a truck? We always have the last laugh. All our products are designed to be slightly too big to fit into a normal-sized car. It's just the KRAPEA way. You jam the boxes into the trunk as best you can and lash them with some of the useless twine that the cashier threw at you before spitting in your face. It's easier to break out of a maximum security prison than it is to get out of a KRAPEA parking lot but, after two hours of circling around and driving down dead-end lanes, you will find the exit and come to a standstill, ready to sit for a final hour of highway gridlock. You wonder why we're so relaxed. We accept our fate. How we laugh, and then we are melancholy! We are rich, but still there is no sun for 6 months. It is a lonely planet. Nothing is sadder than other people laughing.
0x669C2B63=终于，你回到了外面的世界，带着突出的腰椎间盘，对着许久未见的自然光哀痛欲绝。接下来只要把家具装进皮卡车斗就行了。什么，你开的不是卡车？又给了我们一个笑出来的机会。我们的所有设计都比普通轿车的容量刚好大了一点。这就是宜室的风格。你绞尽脑汁把箱子塞进后备箱，用之前唾沫横飞的收银员扔给你的破麻绳绑住后备箱盖。总算可以出发了，但你会发现即便是最高安保级别的监狱，都比宜室的停车场好出去。兜兜转转两个小时，开进无数死胡同后，终于找到了出口。你停了下来，调整一下坐姿，准备迎接最后的高速大堵车。你可能会想为什么我们如此冷静，因为我们早已接受命运。我们笑得很开心，然后又一次陷入忧郁。我们很有钱，但一年中依然有一半的时间暗无天日。地球是一颗孤独的星球。最令人悲伤的莫过于他人的笑容。

;0xB412B366=SELF-ASSEMBLY
0xB412B366=自行组装

;0x67ABE856=You slipped over a piece of bubble wrap, your shins are raw to the bone and you're still wincing from that sugar-crazed infant running headfirst into your gonads. But you're home... blissfully unaware that you will soon be driving back out into the wilderness to begin a frustrating and ultimately fruitless petition for missing purchases and damaged parts. All our marketing is designed to fool you into thinking that KRAPEA furniture is easy to assemble. It is, in fact, a Mensa application. If you're lucky, you will find a scrap of paper in your packaging with some rudimentary hieroglyphics. At KRAPEA, we believe in instructions without words. This way, we can use the same assembly guide in every country around the world and pay bigger bonuses to our senior executives. The pictures are drawn by the toddlers who get lost in our stores. We tried written instructions in England once but they couldn't stop laughing at the word 'flange'.
0x67ABE856=你抽出了一张气泡纸，小腿一片通红，被急着吃糖的小鬼撞个满怀的胯下依然隐隐作痛。但你已经回到家里了...  一时还处在幸福的无知当中，尚未发现之后还要重返战场，跟店员为了缺少损坏的零件扯皮，更别说这往往还是无用功。我们的市场营销就是为了让你们相信，宜室的家具非常容易组装。实际上却是门萨测试的标准。如果运气够好，你会在包装盒里找到一张纸片，印着几张粗略的图片。我们宜室相信说明书不需要文字。这样可以省下为全世界不同国家翻译说明书的成本，让高管获得更多分红。说明书上的图片都是在店里迷路的小孩画的。我们曾经在英国尝试过提供文字说明，但他们一看见「法兰」这两个字就会笑得停不下来。

;0xD813CFE9=Now, we need to make a couple of things clear about KRAPEA furniture:
0xD813CFE9=以下是关于宜室家具的一些声明：

;0xC11D6CEE=- Some critical parts will always be missing. If you need 40 screws, we will give you 20. Life is hard in northern Europe and you need to learn that.
0xC11D6CEE=－关键的零件总会缺那么几个。如果需要40个螺丝，我们只会放20个进去。北欧人民的日子不好过，你们理解一下。

;0xAEEED3F5=- We hide the pre-drilled holes so that you have to feel your way along a panel like a blind person reading Braille, looking for slight bumps in the surface.
0xAEEED3F5=－我们隐藏了预先打好的孔，所以你必须像盲人阅读盲文一样，靠木板的触感寻找凹槽。

;0x8E53B55A=- We drill the holes in the wrong place and at different heights so that your furniture ends up looking like something on a stage in a high-school play. 
0x8E53B55A=－我们打的孔位置不对，高度也不齐，所以你组装完的家具会像高中话剧的道具一样粗糙。

;0xAAD01C74=- The tacky veneer finish will chip so much during assembly that it will look like the target of a drive-by shooting by the time you've finished.
0xAAD01C74=－经过组装的劣质木板上会有许多毛刺，装完以后就像是被枪扫射过一样。

;0xAE3F96F8=- You will put it together wrong. Twice. Now you really feel like you are on the northern plains of existence.
0xAE3F96F8=－你一定会装错。至少两次。现在你能感受到北方平原的生活了。

;0x574162E2=Just as you start to make some headway with the assembly, Krapea Kramp sets in from the strain of forcing hundreds of screws into undersized holes and your hand is rendered useless for a couple of days. You have more calluses than a pervert in a peepshow. Finally, with wooden dowels glued to your fingers, you try to take your own life but you can't even do that right. Our work is done.
0x574162E2=正当你的组装有了一点进展时，你的手开始抽筋了，好几天都不能用。在往对不上尺寸的洞里塞了几百颗螺丝后就会出现这种情况，我们称其为宜室手抽筋。你手上的茧子比变态展里的变态还多。尽管手上还粘着木屑，但你终于回到了自己的日常生活，却又再也无法正常生活了。我们的工作也就完成了。

