;0x9D9B5686=Imagine an inside city of furniture, no windows, and everything bathed in halogen! A visit to KRAPEA is a unique experience. Stores the size of a university campus. Quirky and amusing product names like Wonki, Plankfog, Higgyendraght, Slipshod, Douchenflegen, Flimsi, Totter and other names we've slipped in. If you only knew what you were saying in Swedish. When you ask for the Plankfog, little do you know you just asked for a violent rectal exam in Swedish. How we laugh, and then we are melancholy and we miss the sun for 6 months. This is why floor staff will glare at you like you just felt up their kids when you dare to ask them a question. You will wander for hours in a maze of post-modern doom past miles of veneered pressboard that, like a can of Sprunk or a banana down the trousers, looks like wood from a distance. You will think that you're getting a great deal when you find an MDF chest in leopard-skin veneer for $20, not realizing that the bottom of the drawers will buckle under the weight of a pair of socks within the first week. You put it together so don't blame us when it falls apart. How we laugh, and then we are melancholy. We are rich, but still there is no sun for 6 months.
0x9D9B5686=想象一下身处家具之城当中，没有窗户，所有家具都沐浴在射灯的光芒下！来宜室购物绝对是独一无二的体验。店面和大学校园一样大。产品名奇特有趣，充满了我们的奇思妙想：Wonki、Plankfog、Higgyendraght、Slipshod、Douchenflegen、Flimsi、Totter... 可惜你们都不懂瑞典语。向店员询问Plankfog的时候，你绝对想不到这个词在瑞典的意思是痛苦的直肠检查。我们会笑得很开心，但一想到自己有半年见不到太阳，就又一次陷入忧郁。这也是被询问的店员经常会瞪大眼睛，露出一副好像你在性骚扰他家孩子的表情的原因。你就像是放错地方的霜碧和香蕉，在纸板分隔的后现代迷宫里漫无目的地游荡了几个小时，时不时还会有种周围全是木板的错觉。你相中了一款MDF板制成的豹纹衣柜，觉得$20的价格实在太划算了，殊不知用不到一周，底层的抽屉就会被一双袜子的重量轻易压垮。东西是你自己组装的，所以哪天塌了也别怪我们。我们会笑得很开心，然后又一次陷入忧郁。我们很有钱，但一年中依然有一半的时间暗无天日。

;0xAAAD3320=Our company might be owned by an intricate web of paper corporations in Bermuda, Mauritius and Vanuatu and a good percentage of our furniture might be made in China but we are Swedish. We are fun, funky and functional. Ja. We like to use same-sex families in our TV commercials to show how hip and now we are. First we brought you dynamite, safe cars, kitschy pop music and quality pornography. Now we are bringing you flat-pack furniture. How we laugh, and then we are melancholy. We are rich, but still there is no sun for 6 months. Can you think of anything better than buying some terrible furniture and assembling it yourself for hours into the night? Why spend $1,000 on a sofa when you can kit out your whole apartment for the same price with faux-wood, retro-look trash that wobbles when you fart? You can build anything with a metal key, some hex-head screws and a few wooden pegs. But lose one of these little bits and you are screwed.
0xAAAD3320=也许我们的母公司是一堆注册在百慕大、毛里求斯、瓦努阿图的空壳公司，我们的大部分产品也是中国制造的，但我们依然是瑞典企业。我们有趣、有品、非常有用。Ja。我们的电视广告会用同性家庭拍摄，展现我们有多嬉皮、多现代。以前我们带来了炸药、安全的汽车、花哨的流行音乐和高品质的黄片，现在我们带来了平板包装的家具。我们会笑得很开心，然后又一次陷入忧郁。我们很有钱，但一年中依然有一半的时间暗无天日。买一件糟糕的家具，组装到半夜都没装完，还有比这更美妙的事吗？既然能用1000块钱买到一堆放个屁都会晃的复古风仿木板垃圾，何必购买同样价格的沙发呢？有了金属扳手、六角螺栓和几个木楔，什么都能造出来。不过一旦丢了一个零件，你可就麻烦大了。

;0xB6808C31=Our mission at KRAPEA is to sell you low-quality home furnishings and to steal as many hours of your life as possible in the process. We believe that the whole shopping experience should last longer than a transatlantic flight. Which is why it's a maze! It is also melancholy, because that suits our temperament, even though we pretend to be cheerful. If you're going to steal our wooden pencils, we're going to make you work for your cut-price furniture. If you're going to leave your grandmother to quietly soil herself on our Wonki sofa for the entire day, we're going to mess with your mind a little. A visit to KRAPEA will take you to the extremes of physical and emotional endurance. Like a coke binge or a night at the in-laws, you'll swear that you'll never do it again but, for some inexplicable reason, you'll be back within a couple of months to fill up your car with shiny particle board. It's the sadomasochistic allure of self-assembly furniture. Flat-pack crack, all in a cheerful but melancholy package. We are laughing, and missing the sun at the same time. 
0xB6808C31=我们宜室的使命，就是把质量低劣的家具卖给你们，在组装家具的过程中尽可能多地偷走你们的时间。我们认为完整的购物体验应该比横跨大西洋两岸的飞行时间更长，因此才会把店面设计成迷宫！这同样是忧郁的，因为这样很符合我们的气质，即便我们一边还假装开心。如果你想偷走店里的木头铅笔，我们会让你打工偿还。如果你想把自己的奶奶扔在我们的Wonki沙发上一整天，我们也会让你的日子有点麻烦。来宜室购物能让你的身心都到达极限。和滥用可卡因或去丈母娘家过夜一样，尽管你会发誓再也不做这种事了，但出于某种无法解释的原因，不出几个月，你的车上就又会装满颗粒板。这就是近乎自虐的组装家具的魅力。平板包装的垃圾，令人既开心又忧郁的包装。我们笑得很开心，但依然暗无天日。

;0x8CE63D42=Nobody loves a homogenized corporate monoculture more than the Americans! Recent studies have shown that everyone in the state of San Andreas now owns an identical laundry basket. KRAPEA is taking over the world. Congratulations, world!
0x8CE63D42=美国人最喜欢的就是同质化企业的单一风格！近期的研究表明，圣安地列斯州的所有人都用着一模一样的洗衣篮。宜室正在制霸世界。恭喜你们，世界！

