;0x78B5C549=There is nothing more exciting than watching the human drama of sporting competition - of celebrating the heroic battle of men at their physical peak slug it out. If 162 games aren't enough for you - fulfill your fantasies by controlling the men you idolize. Enjoy the thrill of major league action while sitting at home in your underwear! Obsess over the performance of overweight, drugged-up millionaires! Kill hours of time at the office!  
0x78B5C549=观看体育比赛这种人性艺术绝对是一等一的刺激，处在体能巅峰的男人在赛场上打得头破血流，争夺胜利。如果大联盟的162场比赛满足不了你，那就亲手操控自己的偶像，实现自己的幻想吧。穿着底裤坐在家里，即可享受大联盟赛事的快感！痴迷于超重嗑药的百万富翁在赛场上的表现吧！办公室里的杀时间利器！

;0x449EF7EB=Mother-daughter threesomes and Asian school girls have their place, of course, but what most men really fantasize about is being in the locker room with their own baseball franchise!  Fantasy baseball has become a national pastime - as American as hotdogs and therapy and war.  It's no longer enough to watch your own team play 162 games a season - now you can watch pretend teams play as well!  You've spent your life telling strangers in bars what you would do if you were in charge of your beloved team. Now, you have the chance to put your money where your mouth is while neatly sidestepping online gambling restrictions! We're not like those fantasy football pussies who only need to update their  team once a week. Fantasy baseball is a daily, no-excuses commitment. It's a guy thing. Most fantasy players need to spend at least four hours of their working day reviewing strategy, setting rosters, making trades and trash-talking their buddies in the chat rooms. As soon as the baseball season begins, the US economy takes a nosedive. You need to decide now what is more important to you - a sex life and career or making the fantasy playoffs? This is a male bonding marathon.
0x449EF7EB=母女盖饭和亚洲学生妹确实很有市场，但男人真正幻想的依然是更衣室里的棒球队！幻想棒球是风靡全美的娱乐项目，和热狗、心理医生、战争的地位相同。光是看着自己的主队打满每个赛季的162场比赛还不够，现在还有虚拟球队的比赛可以看了！你这辈子一直在跟酒吧里的陌生人吹嘘自己当球队老板就会怎么怎么样。现在，你可以自掏腰包实现之前的口嗨，同时还不会受到线上赌场禁令的限制！和那些玩幻想足球的娘们不一样，他们每周只调整一次球队。但幻想棒球是一项必须每日参与的活动，不容推辞。这是纯爷们的游戏。许多玩家都会在工作日花上至少四个小时，研究战术、安排阵容、进行交易、在聊天室黑屁自己的同事。每当棒球迎来新的赛季，美国的经济就会向下俯冲。轮到你做出选择了，是性生活和事业更加重要，还是赢得幻想联盟的季后赛更加重要？这是一场男子情谊的马拉松。

;0x8E30C83A=Fantasy baseball allows you to draft imaginary rosters of real players and compete with other losers, based on the players' statistics throughout the season.  Form teams - pitch, catch, slide in for home, sweat, shower - all the fun of baseball is here.  Like the female breast, fake is often better than the real thing.  We will send you lineup analysis, trade alerts, real-time scores, injury updates, drug test results, names of divorce lawyers and so much more.  Sports and stats have collided to blur the line between jocks and geeks forever.  Statistics are really exciting!  Seriously.  Doesn't a spreadsheet make you just want to pee yourself?  Pore over batting averages, stolen bases, wins, saves, runs batted in, WHIP, home runs, blood alcohol level, strikeouts, cup size, penis size, trophy wife rankings... you'll need a level of knowledge equivalent to a PhD if you have any hope of winning a fantasy league.  True love of the game begins with a spreadsheet!  It's what sports are all about. Just ask the Greeks. They invented sports and because they didn't have spreadsheets, they suck at them. Soon it won't matter who wins or loses so long as your fantasy players make their numbers.  Before you know it, you will find yourself cheering on your childhood team but secretly rooting for the opposition's starting pitcher because he is on your fantasy team.  Start your own league today at Fantasy League Bat Swingers.  Imagine your favorite athletes celebrating with you in the showers after a great game.  We'll make sure that you never enjoy a real game of baseball again!  
0x8E30C83A=在幻想棒球中，你可以用真实的球员安排自己的阵容，系统会按照赛季数据生成赛程，让你与其他球队一决高下。组建球队，投球、接球、滑垒，本垒打，挥洒汗水，走进浴室，棒球的乐趣尽在其中。一如女人的乳房，假的总是比真的强。我们会向你发送阵容分析、交易警报、实时比分、最新伤情、药检结果、离婚律师名单等一系列数据。体育与数据擦出火花，也让运动男和技术宅之间的界限愈发模糊。数据超刺激的！真的，看到统计表的时候你不会湿吗？仔细阅读打击率、盗垒数、胜场数、救球数、得分打数、单局被上垒率、本垒打数、血液酒精浓度、三振出局数、罩杯、鸡巴大小、花瓶老婆的评级... 拥有博士水平的知识储备才能在幻想联盟夺冠。你对这款棒球游戏的爱始于统计表。数据才是运动的意义。问问希腊人吧，他们发明了运动，但是他们没有统计数据，所以水平很差。时间一长，你的眼里不再有胜负之分，只要你的幻想球员打出了数据就好。你甚至都不会发现，自己嘴上在为童年支持的球队叫好，心里却在声援对面的先发投手，因为他是你幻想球队的队员。在《幻想联盟棒球队》中开始属于你的联盟征程吧。想象一下，一场大捷以后，你和你最喜爱的球员在浴室里共同庆祝。从今往后，真实的棒球比赛在你眼中会变得索然无味！

;0x347DB736=Giving wealthy middle-aged men the chance to put on the Swingers uniform, drink lots of beer and play against washed-up 300lb has-beens from their childhood!  Just $8,000!  No wives or girlfriends allowed.  
0x347DB736=富裕的中年男人有机会穿上浪人队的球衣，狂饮啤酒之后和不复当年的270斤球员比赛！只要$8,000！不允许带妻子或女友同行。

;0x7762E408="9 inches, 7 houses, 28 cars... I've always been about the stats and I'm all in favor of anything that encourages my fans to watch me more closely.  I love the fact that grown men now fantasize about me just as much as the young girls.  It's a turn-on..."
0x7762E408=「23厘米，7栋房子，28辆车... 我的数据一直都很好，我也愿意为和粉丝近距离接触做任何事。现在大老爷们也会像少女一样幻想我的事情了，这让我很兴奋... 」

;0x9DE0977D=We are taking one of the world's most exciting spectator sports to a whole new level with the Fantasy Spelling Bee.  Take on your buddies with a roster of home-schooled brats and track their performance in competitions across the country.  What other sport allows you to legitimately follow around 10-year-old children?  It doesn't get any better than this!
0x9DE0977D=让全世界最刺激的观赏项目上升到新的境界，幻想拼写大赛！组上一群在家自学的小鬼，时刻追踪他们在全国各个比赛中的表现。别的项目能让你合法跟踪10岁小孩吗？没有什么比这更棒了！

