;0x3BB94CED=Here are some of the latest special offers at Leftover Vacations.  These vacations really are a fantasy and really are left over!  They are going fast!  Buy now!  Secure your trip with a deposit, worry about the details later.  Book online or call our 900 number.       
0x3BB94CED=以下是本站最新的特惠活动。这些活动都是你从未设想过的，也是捡漏抢来的！机会抢手，赶紧下单！支持在线或电话订购。先预付订金拿下，尾款过后再说。

;0xBD61E704=Ready for some fun in the sun?  Enjoy an unforgettable week exploring Lebanon's idyllic coastline for under $300!  Fly into Rene Mouawad Air Base in the north of the country and then travel for days by bus over hostile, war-ravaged terrain until you reach the Mediterranean paradise of Beirut, the most talked about city in the world!  Live like the locals in traditional accommodations, selected based on availability at time of arrival.  We promise that you will get a refund if shot.  You have never seen quality like this before!  Call now to take advantage of this once-in-a-lifetime promotional offer!  Some terms and conditions apply. It's a real adventure you'll be talking about for years!      
0xBD61E704=准备好享受阳光了吗？不到300块钱，你就可以在黎巴嫩体验到难忘的田园海岸风光了！坐飞机到黎巴嫩北部的Rene Mouawad空军机场，再坐几天的大巴穿过黎巴嫩的战乱地区，最后到达贝鲁特：是地中海天堂，也是在全球饱受争议的城市！在这里，你可以入乡随俗，住在当地传统民居里；也可以选择在停火的时候出来旅游。如果你在当地中枪了，我们保证安排退款。如此高质量的旅行前所未有，机会千载难逢，现在就打电话订购吧(你需要同意相关的条款和规定)！来冒险一遭，回去吹上一辈子！

;0xAF136B98=It's not a foggy shit hole full of moody cranks.  Visit one of the most famous cities in the world for less than $200!  Flights are via Oslo and Vienna to nearby Manchester Airport and the accommodation is at a quaint B&B style hotel in the lovely city of Preston, with easy access to all London's main attractions.  Only a few places left!  You must act fast!  Send us a security deposit for $1,500 NOW to secure your seats (we will refund this later in the form of 'travel-bucks', redeemable at a wide range of shops and delis).  Some date restrictions apply.       
0xAF136B98=伦敦不是烟雨朦胧的自闭之都。现在只需不到200元，即可旅游世界上最著名的城市之一！坐飞机途经奥斯陆、维也纳，最后到达伦敦附近的曼彻斯特机场。住的是一家古朴的酒店，包早餐，位置在美丽的普雷斯顿，从这里去伦敦的各大景点都很方便。现在余票不多了，赶紧下单！支付1500元订金即可订位(后期我们将以「旅游积分」的形式返还给你，可以用来无门槛购物和餐饮)。你需要同意相关的时限规定。

;0x25D6089E=advertisement
0x25D6089E=广告

;0x945E26BD=Have you ever dreamt of owning a second home?  How about owning a second home for one week out of the year with a bunch of strangers who probably shit on the carpet?  Can you imagine being able to escape to a pied-à-terre for romantic weekend getaways?  Do you even know what a pied-à-terre is?  Who really gives a shit?  Timeshares are never a regretful decision.  Leftover Vacations is giving you the chance to share in an incredible investment property, located in the beautiful city of Detroit, Michigan.  We will provide transportation and airfare for you to come see it.  After a great presentation and use of an ether soaked rag, you will wake up having signed some great contracts.  Just think, for a one-time payment of only $20,000, you could have limited access to an inner-city studio apartment in America's murder capital for the rest of your life!  Sign up for this exclusive offer today and we will give you a boat!     
0x945E26BD=有没有梦想过拥有第二个家？想不想体验和一帮在地毯上拉屎的人拥有同一个家是什么感觉？想不想逃离大城市，去你的第二个家美美地度假？你真的知道第二个家具体是什么意思吗？说白了，谁他妈在乎呢？选择投资旅游地产时段使用权永远错不了。本站为你提供投资房地产的绝好机会，位置就在密歇根州的底特律。如果你愿意看房，我们包机票和当地交通费用，只不过商家给你吹了一波牛之后，用抹布把你迷晕，等你醒来时你就发现自己签了几份超棒的合同。这么想吧，一次性支付仅仅20000元，你就走出了拿下脏乱差城区单间公寓的第一步！下半辈子就靠这套房在美国凶杀之都过日子了！现在参与此次独家特惠活动，我们即送一条船！

;0xC4B5E540=Lowest price in history!  You just pay for the flight!  A swamp full of right-wing nutjobs and deadly mosquito-born diseases is what makes Florida great.  Enjoy free accommodation in a new hotel that is only months away from completion.  If you like an airy room and are prepared to be inventive with the disposal of your human waste, you cannot afford to pass up this limited time offer.  Fly indirect from Liberty City's Francis International Airport!  No time to read the small print, this offer expires in 5 minutes!!!! Call IMMEDIATELY to lock in this special rate.  Some restrictions apply.       
0xC4B5E540=史上最低价！仅需支付航班费！傻逼右派遍地跑，蚊虫疾病少不了，美丽佛州欢迎你！从Francis国际机场间接直飞，落地即可入住刚竣工的免费酒店。如果你喜欢通风良好的房间，也喜欢拿拉的屎尿搞事情的话，那你可不能错过这个机会了。再看就来不及了，本活动5分钟后过期！！！！现在打电话，即可以优惠价订购。你需要同意相关的条款和规定。

;0xFC2B0158=You're our 10,000th customer!        
0xFC2B0158=

;0x1BBDD020=You have been selected to join our exclusive Travel Club!  Enjoy special discounts, amazing offers and unique package deals all for the low promotional rate of $2,000 per year!  A telemarketer will call you every 10 minutes for the rest of your life!       
0x1BBDD020=

;0x122B6CFE=Be an adventurer!      
0x122B6CFE=

