;0x6DE89817=NUCA will be exhibiting a sample of work from Bao, the Chinese artist who is known throughout the world for his innovative abstract paintings, created in collaboration with giant pandas.  Bao shouts, screams, sings and beats the pandas with a gnarly branch, often for hours, until they have completely covered a canvas with paint.  An excerpt translated from his autobiography reads, "Creativity should be raw and animalistic.  We are products of our environment, mere robots programmed to conform to a pre-determined interpretation of the world.  Pandas are untainted by the collective weight of human conscience. I have distilled the essence of what it is to create. I am not the artist, they are the artists, however they can't spend money, so I buy them trinkets to entertain them." 
0x6DE89817=NUCA将展出一幅阿宝——这位凭借其与大熊猫合作绘制的创新形抽象画而闻名世界的中国艺术家的作品样本。阿宝引吭高歌，边用粗树枝抽打大熊猫，直到它们把颜料涂满画布，这一过程往往要持续几个小时。把他自传中的一段话翻译出来就是这个样子：“所谓创造力应该使原始性与兽性并存。我们人是环境的产物，仅仅是一些被编程以符合世界预定解释的”机器人“。而熊猫则不受人的良知的共同重压所带来的影响。我已经提炼出了创作的精髓。我不是艺术家，它们才是艺术家，但它们花不了钱，所以我买些小玩意来招待它们。”
;0x152F83F5=Critical commentary: "Bao is a miracle - you should not let his work pass you by.  Under his tutelage, the space between man and nature has been condensed into nothing. He has a rare understanding of ugliness." 
0x152F83F5=某位评论家评论道：“阿宝属实是个奇迹——你不能错过他的作品。在他的指导下，人与自然之间的间隔已然化无。他属实对丑陋有着罕见的理解。“

;0xAF8C617C=The latest exhibition at NUCA is a series of photographs from the British homosexuals, Simon & Nigel. Simon & Nigel have shaken up the art world in recent years with their controversial reenactments of pivotal events in history, dressed as gorillas.
0xAF8C617C=英国男同Simon & Nigel的一系列照片将会在NUCA的最新的摄影展上展出。近年来，他们打扮成大猩猩来重现历史关键事件的举动震撼了整个艺术界。

;0x9BCE3C01=We are condemned to view the past through the eyes of others and these photos act as a powerful reminder of the subjectivity inherent in all historical accounts. From the Fall of Troy to Hiroshima to the Rwandan Genocide, Simon & Nigel's work encourages us to approach history from a fresh perspective, stripped of prejudice and stereotypes. Once you see Hitler dressed as a gorilla, it will explain WWII in a way you never thought possible. 
0x9BCE3C01=我们注定要通过他人之眼来回顾过去，但这些照片强有力地提醒了我们——所有的历史解释中都存在其主观性。从特洛伊的陷落到广岛核爆，再到卢旺达种族大屠杀，Simon & Nigel的作品鼓励我们撇去偏见和成见，以一个全新的角度来看待历史。一旦你看到希特勒打扮成一只大猩猩，它将以一种你从未想过其可能的方式解释来二战。

;0xA075A9FD=Critical commentary: "Simon & Nigel shock. They simplify history to the most base concepts. It is work about mortality and seeing theirs will make you give thanks for your own mortality."
0xA075A9FD=锐评：”Simon & Nigel震撼了世界。他们把历史简化为最基本的概念。看到他们的作品会让你为自己的死以表感谢，这是关于死亡的杰作。”

;0x9E74876C=Dukes Boulevard at Bunker Hill Avenue 
0x9E74876C=位于邦克山大道的公爵大道

;0xD9959FD4=East Island City, Dukes
0xD9959FD4=公爵区，东岛城