;0xBF6860B6="You know my 3 golden rules when it comes to men's fashion: accessorize, accessorize, accessorize! No longer the preserve of criminals under house arrest, the ankle bracelet - or anklet as it's known within the scene - is picking up right where the toe-ring left off last season. Ankle bracelets help to draw attention to the contour of the calves and can really make a pair of flip-flops pop. Since you already dress like a surfer but have never actually ridden a board, keep the beach casual look going by wearing pointless jewelry that is supposed to make you feel spiritual. Felix x"
0xBF6860B6=「你们都知道我对男士时尚提出的三条黄金法则：饰品，饰品，饰品！现在圈内人口中的『脚链』已经取代了上个季度流行的『趾环』。脚链能将其他人的目光吸引到你的小腿上，配上人字拖也十分亮眼。虽然你打扮得像个冲浪的，实际上却从来没冲过浪，但你还是能戴上脚链，显得自己在海滩上休闲自得，感受精神上的愉悦。Felix x」

;0x5195C03C="Men have been wearing cufflinks since the middle ages and they're one of the first things a woman looks at when considering a future mate. There are few things more arousing than the sight of a decorative fastener with an archaic logo peeking out from the sleeve of a well-cut leisure blazer. Like the smell of a new pair of flame wingtips or the feel of a freshly-ironed pair of satin boxers, an elegant set of cufflinks can really make you feel good about yourself and the things you waste your income on.
0x5195C03C=「中世纪以来，男人就开始佩戴袖扣了，袖扣也是女性择偶时最先观察的部分。很少有东西能像袖扣这样，光是看见休闲夹克的袖口上有一粒印有古老LOGO的扣子就让人感到兴奋。一如全新翼尖皮鞋的香味和光面平角裤的质感，几粒优雅的袖口也能让你自我感觉良好，觉得这袖扣没白买。

;0xC4972617=Remember: your choice of cufflinks speaks volumes about the kind of man you are - don't send out the wrong message. Fill your cuff-fastening slits with something elegant. Felix x"
0xC4972617=记住：选择什么样的袖扣能够说明你是什么样的男人，不要发出错误的信息。用优雅的装饰填满袖口的空缺。Felix x」

;0x3390D684="Nothing screams class and breeding like a bespoke bathing suit - custom tailored to accentuate the abs, show off the ass, and make sure your little guy is in the perfect position to get her attention. Whether you're dressing down for a latte with the boys poolside or dressing up for an accidental run-in with the paparazzi, a hot new banana hammock and sarong adds flourish to any ensemble. Choose a bold color that brings out your eyes - show people you're a man who's not afraid to make a statement! 
0x3390D684=「没有什么比定制泳裤更能说明你的阶层和家境。量身定制，强调腹肌曲线，展露紧致臀部，让你的小老弟占尽地利，吸引她的注意。不论你是想低调打扮，和朋友去泳池边喝杯拿铁，还是高调出行，与狗仔队撞个满怀，一条性感的香蕉「吊床」和纱笼都能为你的外形增色不少。挑一个大胆自信的颜色，衬托出你的美丽双眼吧。让所有人知道你的大胆放纵！

;0x4B8D3D79=Felix x"
0x4B8D3D79=Felix x」

