;0x358E2702=Bandit!'s most popular feature. Over-priced gizmos and barely-legal babes - what's not to like? A diving watch for helicopter pilots, a business card scanner, a pen you can use underwater, a novelty USB hub shaped like a stripper, a golf-ball engraver, a barbeque head torch... boys love their toys. Check out the latest gadgets for status-obsessed men with deep-seated insecurities.
0x358E2702=《Bandit!》最受欢迎的栏目。溢价的数码产品和刚刚成年的少女——没理由不喜欢吧？直升机飞行员专用潜水手表、专业名片扫描仪、水下依然能用的笔、脱衣舞女形状的USB拓展坞、高尔夫雕刻机、烧烤头灯... 都是男孩子最爱的玩具。看看最新的数码产品吧，注重身份地位却又缺乏安全感的人的最爱。

;0x22624E60=Bethany knows - any man that has this phone will have her dropping to her knees.  And with good reason. Nobody thought the day would come when people would sleep out in the rain for four weeks to be first in line for a device that gives you the convenience of paying $100 a month for people to text you shitfaced at 3 A.M. But that day has arrived. Studies have shown that man cannot be truly happy without one. It's a juggernaut of marketing hype that can't be stopped. It's more important than you and me. Finally, a device that plays music, sends emails and takes upskirt photographs - who'd have thought it was possible? It's the iFruit 3G. A slab of shiny Chinese plastic, metal and glass in a range of fruity colors, the iFruit 3G is guaranteed to be covered in scratches and greasy fingerprints within minutes of taking it out the box. It's the same phone that everyone paid twice the price for a year ago but with slightly shittier internet, a full 30 minutes of battery time and G.P.S. that works if you hold it out the car window and read it through the glass. Mobile broadband coverage is now available in a few selected pockets of 3G network coverage around the country. 
0x22624E60=Bethany知道，她会拜倒在任何一个拥有这款手机的男人膝下。这很合理。没人想到过这么一天：居然有人冒雨在店外睡了四周，只为排到队伍前面，购买这样一部月付$100，能让别人半夜三更喝高了发短信给你的手机。但这一天真的来了。研究表明，没有这款手机，男人就无法真正达到快乐。这是一场无法阻止的市场狂欢，比你我更加重要。播放音乐、发送邮件、拍摄裙底风光——终于有一台设备集成了这些功能，超越了所有人的想象。这就是iFruit 3G。中国生产的厚厚的一块塑料、金属、玻璃的混合物，提供多种水果的颜色。在拿出包装盒后的几分钟内，iFruit 3G的机身上就会产生划痕和指印。这款手机和一年前发布的产品一模一样，但去年大家花了两倍的价格。今年这款网络更差了点，电池续航30分钟，定位系统隔了车窗就没有信号，如果能接受车窗外的电子导航，也不是不能用。掌上宽带业务仅可在全国为数不多的几个3G网络覆盖区域使用。

;0xE647182D=Get ready to soil yourself. This nifty device, modeled by buxom 18-year-old Shannon from San Fierro, has quickly established itself as the must-have gadget of the year. A 3-in-1 Personal Organizer, Nasal Hair Trimmer and Tazer, this is a serious piece of equipment that no self-respecting man should be without. Trim down your nose hairs, jot down her number, take down her psycho boyfriend. There might be better ways to spend your disposable income but we can't think of any. Aren't you glad you live in the First World? 
0xE647182D=做好失禁的准备吧。这款由来自圣辉洛的18岁丰满少女Shannon担任模特的精致设备已经成为了年度必买产品。这一设备集电子记事本、鼻毛清理器、电击器于一体，任何一个自重的男人都需要有这么一件装备。除掉你的鼻毛、记下她的号码、放倒她的疯子男友。你的钱也许可以花在更合适的地方，但我们想不到更合适的地方了。生活在第一世界，你不是很幸福吗？

