;0x97A09966=It's male consumption and conquest in America's best-selling men's lifestyle magazine! Bandit! - the ultimate men's lifestyle brand expert and guide to overpriced clothes and how to bag and bang babes with nothing more than a smirk, dark sunglasses, five o'clock shadow and finely waxed eyebrows. Masturbate over barely legal brainless celebrities! Metrosexuality and misogyny - Bandit! Magazine is for the man who knows the difference! It's a celebration of confused modern manhood. We teach young men that it's okay to wax their balloon knot, pluck their eyebrows and frost their hair so long as they assert their virility by binge drinking and objectifying women. Bandit! blends fashion and personal grooming advice with just enough cars, gadgets and broads in bikinis to reassure you that you're still a red-blooded alpha male. It's the 21st century - worship yourself. Bandit! 
0x97A09966=涵盖男性消费和需求的男士生活杂志，畅销全美！《Bandit!》是终极男士生活方式的品牌专家和向导，带你购买溢价服饰，教你如何依靠傻笑、墨镜、胡渣和修过的眉毛钓到姑娘。对着刚刚成年的无脑名人自慰吧！《Bandit!》杂志专为能够分清都市美男和厌女症的男士打造！它是对现代混乱的男子气概的一种庆祝。我们告诉年轻人，只要能够通过狂饮酒水和物化女性证明自己的男子气概，脱肛毛、修眉毛、染头发都是没有问题的。《Bandit!》不仅刊登时尚潮流和着装建议，还登有许多汽车、数码产品和跨页比基尼，足以让你相信自己依然是血气方刚的一流男性。现在是21世纪了，崇拜你自己吧。Bandit！

;0x13B400B7=One tequila - Two tequila - Three tequila - Whore!
0x13B400B7=一杯龙舌兰－两杯龙舌兰－三杯龙舌兰－妓女！

;0x590CAB5B=Real women. Real drunk. Videos and photos submitted by you - the readers! There's nothing funnier than an unconscious girl who doesn't know she's being filmed. It's what the internet was made for.
0x590CAB5B=真的女人，真的醉了。由各位读者投稿的照片和视频！神志不清的姑娘都不知道有人在拍她，实在太有趣了。这就是互联网的用途。

;0x3EB1885E=Save this one in the Spank Bank for a rainy day. 12 pages of January Natasha Vasquez oiled up and rolling around the surf in a white string bikini! Daughter of billionaire businessman, Alfonso Vasquez, this delightfully-brain dead socialite just can't stop making daddy proud. You've seen her night vision sex tape on the internet and her dozens of oopsie wardrobe malfunctions stumbling out of limos - now check out the exclusive photo shoot from Bandit!.  Whether she's reducing her domestic servants to tears, vomiting her lunch into a plastic bag, getting arrested for DUIs or blowing movie stars in the back of a limousine, JNV remains a tireless role model for millions of teenage girls around the world. She's Bandit!'s kind of beard.
0x3EB1885E=把这张照片贴到你的素材合集里，以备不时之需吧。足足12页January Natasha Vasquez的写真，身体油光发亮，穿着白色比基尼冲浪！身为百万富翁商人Alfonso Vasquez的女儿，这位没心没肺的社交名媛很能给他爸爸脸上贴金。你们都看过网上流出的夜视性爱录像了，也看过她跌跌撞撞走下礼车时的那些走光照片了，现在来看看《Bandit!》的独家照片吧！即便她弄哭了家里的仆人，把午餐吐到了塑料袋里，因毒驾被捕，还在礼车后面给电影明星口交，JNV依然是全世界数百万少女的榜样。她就是《Bandit!》的直男环节。

;0xE636B123=Yes, it's that time of the year again! College girls with low self-esteem exposing their breasts for anonymous men to critique!  Mandy's see-through stilettos have hardly touched the ground since winning Judge My Jugs last year. Since quitting college, she's been living the dream on a nose candy fueled whistle-stop promotional tour of gentlemen's clubs across the country. You have the power to change a girl's life.
0xE636B123=是的，又到了每年的这个时候！不知廉耻的学生妹让匿名男性点评他们的乳房！赢得去年的奶子杯大奖后，Mandy的透明高跟鞋的鞋跟也越来越高。大学退学以后，她一直在参加全国绅士俱乐部的巡回展演，过上了每天吸毒的生活，实现了梦想。你们的力量成功改变了她的生活。

;0x686480AF=Meet Freda. This post-menstrual prima donna is living proof that 60 is the new 40. She's the world's newest G-MILF. Thanks to botox, chemical peels, breast implants, hormone replacement and a mildly-successful vagina-tightening operation in Honduras, Freda now looks like a woman half her age trapped in a wind tunnel. After a roll in the hay with Freda, you'll never have to worry about a surprise 9 months later - her ovaries fell out ages ago. She's always smiling, especially since that new face lift, and claims that without her teeth she can suck a golf ball through a garden hose... You go, gran! Freda would like to give a big shout out to her two sons and five grandsons, who are all avid readers of Bandit! and are seeing her naked for the first time. 
0x686480AF=看看Freda。这位过了更年期的女主角用自己证明了60岁就是新时代的40岁。她就是全世界最新的熟女奶奶。通过肉毒杆菌、化学磨皮、隆胸手术、激素替代疗法和在洪都拉斯进行的比较成功的缩阴手术，Freda现在看起来比她的实际年龄年轻了一半，就是有点像刚被风洞吹过。即便和Freda来上一发，也不用担心九个月后喜当爹，因为她的卵巢很多年前就脱落了。她一直都面带微笑，最近做了面部拉皮以后更是如此。她还说没了牙齿以后，自己能把高尔夫球从浇水软管的一头吸到另一头... 太强了，奶奶！Freda也想向她的两个儿子和五个孙子喊话，他们都是《Bandit!》的忠实读者，同时也是头一次看见Freda的裸体。

;0x41CC6EF6=Thankfully, the days of a man preparing for a date by showering and dressing up are a thing of the past. With hair perfectly teased using $80-a-bottle shaper gel and $1,000 designer shirts and pants that appear like you slept in your sofa, today's man looks like he hasn't taken a shower since the day before yesterday. Do you embody everything a woman wants in a modern man? Do you shave all your body hair every morning? Is your skin a deep hue of fake-bake orange? Are your toenails French-polished to perfection? If so, you might be a contender for Bandit!'s annual Personal Grooming Award. If you think you're the country's ultimate preener, please send us a selection of naked photos (no more than 100) in addition to some samples of casual and formal dress and women you've slept with.
0x41CC6EF6=谢天谢地，男人约会前还要沐浴更衣的时代已经过去了。顶着用80块一瓶的发胶打理过的头发，穿着皱得跟在沙发上睡过一样的1000块名牌衬衫和裤子，现代男人个个看上去都是三天没洗澡。你能满足女性对当代男性的所有要求吗？你会每天早上把体毛刮干净吗？你的肤色是美黑后深深的橙色吗？你有给脚趾做完美的法式美甲吗？如果满足以上条件，你就可以参与到《Bandit!》年度个人打扮大奖的角逐中来。如果你觉得自己是全国最会打扮的人，请向我们发送你精选的裸照(不超过100张)、日常着装和正式着装的照片，以及被你睡过的女人的照片。

;0xBE527736=The winner will receive a pair of FREE calf implants from the prestigious Center Of Cosmetics, Kentucky and a set of colored contact lenses courtesy of Rimmers sunglasses.
0xBE527736=冠军将免费获得肯塔基州知名整形中心提供的隆小腿手术，以及Rimmers服饰提供的美瞳一套。

