;0x04E72159=Username:
0x04E72159=

;0x6632E2B9= Big Dog
0x6632E2B9=

;0xB0BACC87=Sex:
0xB0BACC87=

;0x1F83C19A= Male
0x1F83C19A=

;0x6C1F83B4=Location:
0x6C1F83B4=

;0x09EA7F71= Liberty City
0x09EA7F71=

;0xD0F33C72=Age:
0xD0F33C72=

;0x3F398D1F=Profession:
0x3F398D1F=

;0x5D6BA311= Professional Blogger / Web Designer / Cultural Critic
0x5D6BA311=

;0xCA6ED4BF=Appearance:
0xCA6ED4BF=

;0x35B02476= White omega male.
0x35B02476=

;0x6C0E6BAA=Interests: 
0x6C0E6BAA=

;0x0A37D98B= Blogging.  Blogging about blogging.  Being Ostentatious. Everything Asian, especially porn.
0x0A37D98B=

;0xBFA66C41=Hi - My name is BIGDOG - well, it isn't. my name is Andrew,  but my handle is BIGDOG.  You are  probably visiting my blog for the first time after I exposed the true secrets  of what it's like working for a successful company and gave you the inside dirt on what really goes on there, which is exactly what I'd know, given the fact nobody talked to me when I worked there, and a lot of people thought I was creepy.  Keep reading my blog if you want to learn more.
0xBFA66C41=

;0xE78955F7=UPDATED - 15 DAYS AGO
0xE78955F7=

;0x1E55002C=There must be something wrong with my hit counter.  Are you trying to tell me that only six people are reading my blog?  I find that very hard to believe.  Six  people!!!!!!!!  I've decided that I need a cause, something that will propel my writing into the mainstream.  A blogger without a cause is like a ship without a sail.  So here goes... Remember - you cannot get more reliable information about a company than from a disgruntled ex-employee.  I am aware that what I am about to say will create an industry-wide scandal and likely change the landscape of the entertainment business from top to bottom, but this is a step I am finally prepared to take. For the truth!
0x1E55002C=

;0x85B50A72=LIFE ON THE FRONTLINE: WORKING AT WEAZEL ENTERTAINMENT.
0x85B50A72=

;0x3B645F49=Weazel Entertainment is one of the most successful companies in the world and, as a web designer there, I made them that way.  I'm not the kind of guy who likes to bitch about things but it's time for me to tell my story.  It will be a shocking exposé on the injustices and cruelties of working in the entertainment business.  If this doesn't increase traffic to my blog, nothing will.  Some will call me brave. Some will call me radical.  Some will see through all this and call me an attention whore with a massive chip on his shoulder.  All will go away with a different sense of self and purpose.  This is the kind of inside information that only a low-level web designer could possibly have access to.  I wasn't privy to the decision-making process and I didn't actually work on any of the entertainment properties directly but trust me, I heard things secondhand and can certainly speculate on what went on behind the scenes, as it was my job to make banner ads about the shows and that makes me know everything.  It might have been five years ago but I remember all the rumors like they were yesterday. I'm going to pop the hood and dish the dirt on the filthy engine that powers the Weazel Entertainment machine.  I'm aware that my words could well bring the industry to its knees and, if I end up in the spotlight in the process, I am prepared to pay that price to walk away with my integrity.
0x3B645F49=

;0xABFF03A6=MY LIFE AND BACKGROUND
0xABFF03A6=

;0x1F2BF5A2=I don't want to sound like I'm blowing my trumpet but I'm pretty amazing at what I do.  I've often been told that I'm a genius, or better.  My lines of html are like poetry and the way that I combine fonts is nothing short of inspirational.  I joined Weazel Entertainment straight out of the dotcom boom after working on a string of failed internet start-ups, which failed because other people did not listen to me, and also because I spent all day fantasizing about a couple of hot Asian co workers in an entirely innocent manner.  Ah, those were the good old days.  Web design meant something back then. I used to feel like a general leading an army into battle.  It was an ultimately fruitless battle that ended in bankruptcy every time, but a general nevertheless.  They treated me like a god.  I'd been somebody - but that all changed when America realized that the dotcom boom was incubating an army of selfish, egotistical idiots who thought that they deserved a six figure salary for breathing.  When the bubble burst, I took  my manga figures, Asian pop and comic books and headed to work at Weazel Entertaiment.
0x1F2BF5A2=

;0x9B35A266=Don't get me wrong - it was ok at the beginning. I designed the websites for hit shows like 72, Medicate Me and Waning With The Stars.  How I loved those shows!  Who doesn't? The top shows of the time,  although my work making banner ads was far more important and creative. Sometimes my work was so good it was actually embarrassing.  I felt like I had to pull back in order to spare my colleagues complete humiliation.  That's the kind of guy I am.  A team player.  A guy laying out text and pictures on a page and making a logo animate on fire.  One of my mottos was "There's no I in Weazel - only a We" but, like everything else, nobody listened to my mottos or paid attention to me at company parties.
0x9B35A266=

;0xEA3DFF8F=At first, it was like a dream come true.  Working on great stuff. But dreams are there to be broken.  Stay tuned - this is just the beginning... I want to make one thing very clear.  This isn't a cheap publicity trick.  This has nothing to do with being bitter about never getting promoted or not being liked by anyone I worked with and never being listened to, and a lot of people thinking I may have been a sex offender.  This has nothing to do with wanting fame, attention or recognition and I don't have any issues with my self-esteem.  Nor am I a chronic masturbator. Both of my wrists work just fine. No RSI for  me!  I am writing this for myself and my manga figurines who have heard me tell them this story a million times.  It will be a cathartic process, a way of  getting rid of the pain, of moving on with my life.
0xEA3DFF8F=

;0x74EEE7D1=WORKING IN LIBERTY CITY'S ENTERTAINMENT INDUSTRY IS HARD!
0x74EEE7D1=

;0x3F8B81C9=Trust me, I don't want to be whining about how working in the entertainment industry is REALLY REALLY HARD!  But it is.  Working conditions were horrendous.  I was expected to work past 6PM on some nights which, despite the great perks, benefits and salary, was completely unacceptable, especially if I had a wife, which I didn't, but I wanted one!  I kept saying to myself, what is this?  A sweatshop?  I need to be out of work by 5PM so that I can go home to play with my manga figurines.  And the offices were so cluttered!  Can you believe that?!!!  We all know that clutter is a tell-tale sign of scandal and dubious business practices. In those days, Weazel Entertainment was full of people in their twenties who would go out and get drunk on WEEK NIGHTS.  Not that they ever invited me.  They were all screwing each other and cheating on their partners.  That's a fact.  Well, it's not a fact but it's what I imagined was happening nightly while I writhed around on my bed, so I might as well write about it as if it's a fact.  It was an atmosphere of shameless decadence and promiscuity.  Are you shocked?  Saddened?  Disillusioned?  I was.  They never let me join in! Sometimes you don't want to see how the sausage is made.  Especially when people my age had started a successful company and I hadn't. And they wouldn't talk to me, because I was shy and nobody loved me and do you have any idea how that feels to be so insecure? Oh, I know, my shrink told me everyone knows about that, but that's why I fired her and went back to manga. I will save the world one day. It's my mission.
0x3F8B81C9=

;0xEABC0FCB=MISMANAGEMENT
0xEABC0FCB=

;0x12AA6782=At the root of all the  problems at Weazel Entertainment was the management.  They were useless, except for one of them, who I have a massive crush on.  The fact that someone of my talents wasn't promoted is definitive proof of their arrogance, incompetence and stupidity.  They kept  coming up with deadlines for projects and shouting at me when I didn't meet them.  There was this ridiculous system whereby my work had to go through a series of approvals before it could be released!  My work!  Did Picasso have people telling him that the Sistine Chapel wasn't quite up to snuff?  Did Mozart have people telling him to change his symphonies?  I hadn't signed up for this kind of pressure.  How dare you ask for revisions.  I am an artist, for fuck sake.  That's why I didn't support the release of the show Ether.  Most of us doing the websites didn't want any part of it.  I mean - A horror show!  It was scary!  It made us feel icky.  I would rather have happy Japanese turtles and puffy manga figures sing to me. I felt that my creative sensibility had been compromised.  And by that, I mean that I didn't get enough praise, nor was I asked to write a show or direct a  pilot or run the company.  It was awful.  You know what?  I feel so strongly that I'm going to use the word "icky" again.  There, I said it.  Icky.  Yes,  I'm 35, but so what. Icky! I was burnt out.  I started getting flashbacks to the time my English teacher said that my book report was too wordy and I wet my pants.  I've never been able to take criticism.  And why should I?
0x12AA6782=

;0xF3EEC379=I FIRED MY SHRINK, BECAUSE SHE TRIED TO HELP. WELL SCREW HER.  I make web sites.  My therapist droned on about narcissistic personality disorder and delusions of grandeur.  But I call it an unwavering confidence in the quality of my art.  It shouldn't be questioned or scrutinized.  It's outrageous that the company was allowed to mistreat its employees in this disgraceful manner.  As for the turnover!  Don't even get me started on the turnover!  People left, people joined, people were sacked - what did they think this was?? A business?  I've never heard of anything like it in a big company before.  Weazel Entertainment was a rollercoaster out of control and I for one was ready to get off the ride.  There are only so many twists and turns you can take before you start to feel nauseous.  Sick and tired.
0xF3EEC379=

;0x43749F5D=One day, they made me work through my lunch hour and that was the final straw.  I had to make a stand. I can still remember the look in their eyes as it dawned on them that they would never be able to replace me.  They did replace me the next day, but that's not the point.  After I left, their work went down hill, even though it was a lot more successful and ratings went up. At the top of my game, my time at Weazel Entertainment had come to an end...  Not because of me, but because of inexperienced management.  And the lack of taste of the entertainment titles coming out.  I realize that Weazel Entertainment has made the most successful syndicated television franchises in history, but I can't bear the lifestyle of working in the entertainment industry.  I'm over 30 now, and that's really meaningful.
0x43749F5D=

;0x0436477C=I AM THE FUTURE
0x0436477C=

;0x059EE84F=I just realized - you must all be wondering what I am doing now!  Apart from being a professional blogger, of course!  After leaving Weazel Entertainment, I decided to move to a much smaller company where my talent and art would be appreciated.  I'm now working as Web Director for Chiropractor Overnight, an amazing organization dedicated to spreading the power of healing hands throughout the world.  Actually, as of last week, Senior Web Director!  The fact that I'm the only person in the web department is irrelevant.  These guys are no fools.  They  know when they're on to a good thing.  They don't question my creative process.  Check out my work at 
0x059EE84F=

;0x0F723C8D=www.chiropractorovernight.com
0x0F723C8D=

;0x31491907=.  I finally feel like I am part of something.  I get in at 9, leave at 5 and have plenty of time during the day to surf Asian erotica and to update my blog.  It's great.  I never feel stressed or challenged.  I really am happy and not at all bitter about being 35 and working on lame projects for a tiny company that nobody has heard of.  Some might say I'm a failure - that I've never risen to the lofty heights of success that everyone expected of me and, frankly, for which I was always destined.  Not true.  My self-worth stems from my integrity, my unwavering resolution to be a part of something I believe in and to tell the truth about all of the nasty people who never listened to me and were icky pigs.  Most of all, however, I want my work to be accepted and praised unconditionally.  I don't want to be a small fish in a big pond.  I want to be the biggest fish in the smallest pond.  Like a shark in a kiddie pool. That's what I am. I'm a shark. I've finally put my Weazel experience  behind me, even though I still talk about them all the time and wear all the free stuff they gave me.
0x31491907=

;0x30D573D8=I feel good.  I just made a stand for every person in the entertainment industry who has ever had to work late or eat their lunch at their desk.  I showed them that it is ok to challenge the status quo, by being abusive on the internet and working somewhere else.  I don't want to portray myself as a martyr.  If you choose to call me a martyr, that is up to you, of course.  I know how I would have run Weazel Entertainment and I tell strangers in bars all the time, and trust me, some people thought I would do a really good job,  especially one guy I met in a bar who said I was a genius and then tried to kiss me.  I was there when Weazel Entertainment was at the peak of its success and I truly believe that the company has been careening downhill at a rapid pace ever since I left.  However, I'll let you be the judge of that.
0x30D573D8=

;0x57C2DF52=Man, I love writing really long blog posts.
0x57C2DF52=

;0x63A064A0=(PREVIOUS POSTS)
0x63A064A0=

;0xA4647A74=(NEXT POSTS)
0xA4647A74=

