;0xA6E7CBA8=Coffee and donuts go together like beer and cigarettes. Both are great first thing in the morning.  Donuts are the perfect accompaniment to a proper sedentary American lifestyle.  They are a national symbol.  Americans start the day with fried dough.  Begin each morning with dessert, and you will feel what it is like to be a superpower.  Maybe if the Vikings had eaten more fried dough and less pickled herring, Scandinavians would be doing more today than making cell phones and sitting in saunas.  A visit to Rusty Brown's Ring Donuts is a sensory and sugar overload.  Nobody can resist the heady smell as we plunge our batter deep into the hot fat.  Don't listen to the right-wing media - it is not a sin to munch on a hot donut.  Don't listen to the left-wing media talk about health.  Our employees can't count change so why should you worry about counting calories?  Indulge yourself.  Lick off the sticky glaze.  Eat out the chocolate.  Stick your tongue in the middle.  Let the Boston cream dribble down your chin.  Gag as the thick custard hits the back of your throat.  When you go downtown, make sure you enjoy a Rusty Brown's Ring Donut.  Why lick lovingly outside?  Get in there, champ!  That hole is waiting for you.
0xA6E7CBA8=咖啡和甜甜圈合在一起，就像啤酒和香烟那样绝配。两者都是早餐的绝佳选项。甜甜圈是美国久坐式生活的完美伴侣，也是美国的象征。美国人的一天从炸面团开始。早上来一点甜食，你就会感到自己是超级大国。如果维京人当年多吃点炸面团，少吃点腌鱼肉，斯堪的纳维亚人现在就不只是每天打打电话、蒸蒸桑拿了。Rusty Brown甜甜圈店提供了感官和糖分的盛宴。我们在滚烫的油脂里加入面糊，产生了这种没人可以抗拒浓郁香味。别相信右翼媒体的鬼话，大声咀嚼甜甜圈是无罪的。也别信左派媒体的健康谎言。我们的员工算数都算不清楚，你又有什么必要去计算卡路里呢？放纵自己，舔掉黏黏的糖浆，吃掉表层的巧克力，把舌头伸进中间，波士顿奶油顺着下巴滑落，深入喉咙的蛋奶冻堵住了嘴。去城里的时候，一定要尝一尝Rusty Brown甜甜圈。在外面亲热地舔舔就好怎么够呢？进去啊，笨逼！洞正等着你呢。

;0xAF5728D2=Pot-smoking Dutch settlers first brought the 'doughnut' to America, along with other sweet-tasting munchies and shoes made from trees.  The locals loved the concept of deep-frying batter but felt that it wasn't quite fattening enough, so they added a sugar glaze to the end product and renamed it the 'donut' (it was thought that 'doughnut' had too many letters for the American market).  For nearly 50 years, customers have been lining up to line their arteries at Rusty Brown's Ring Donuts.  During the dot com explosion at the turn of the millennium, Rusty Brown's was one of the fastest-growing tech companies in the country and, when we floated onto the stock exchange in 1999, high sugar beat off high tech to become the best-performing IPO of the year.  Ordering donuts on the Internet was a craze.  We were making some serious dough until the sissy low-carb fad came along and nearly destroyed us.  Luckily, we saw a hole in the market in East Asia and opened up franchises across China and Japan to turn them into fat slobs in no time.  They love donuts over there!  You'd get excited about fried cake if you'd lived on a diet of fish, rice and vegetables all your life.  International expansion is the way forward.
0xAF5728D2=吸着大麻的荷兰殖民者将「多拿滋」带到了美国，也带来了其他甜口的零食和木头做的鞋子。土著觉得油炸面团是个好主意，但又嫌这样油水不够多，于是他们在最终的成品上涂上了糖浆，将其重新命名为「甜甜圈」(一种说法是多拿滋字太复杂，美国人写不对)。近50年来，各位顾客坚持在Rusty Brown甜甜圈排队，用油脂填充着血管。在千禧来临之际的网络热潮中，Rusty Brown甜甜圈也是迅速成长的科技公司之一，我们于1999年在证交所上市时，高糖分打败了高科技，成为了当年上市股票的领头羊。通过网络订购甜甜圈也曾风行一时，当时我们每天都能揉面数钱到手抽筋。最终险些被娘娘腔的低碳新风潮彻底击溃。好在我们发现了东亚地区的商机，在中国和日本大量开设了连锁店，很快就把他们变成了肥胖懒汉。那里的人都很爱甜甜圈！如果生活中只有鱼肉、蔬菜、米饭，谁见到油炸蛋糕都会兴奋的。国际进出才是未来的方向。

;0x062DE156=Redwood Cigarettes did it, so we are too. Developing nations, watch out!  We are on a mission to take obesity global!  Just think of a life with no more envelopes coming to your door begging for money for some emaciated, hungry child.  We are on a mission!
0x062DE156=既然红木香烟做到了，我们也可以。悠着点，发展中国家！我们的使命是把肥胖播撒到全世界！想想看，以后再也不会有人写信给你，让你给瘦弱饥饿的孩子捐钱了。我们义不容辞！

;0x17E38A30=Can you imagine getting the calorific equivalent of a three-course family meal in one little fluffy ball of goodness?  All our donuts are deep-fried in a special combination of butter, lard and oil.  Each one contains 1,000 calories, 100 grams of trans fat, 100 grams of saturated fat and enough powdered sugar to make you feel like you just injected a speedball.  The breakfast of champions!  You will spend the first two hours of the day convinced that you are poised for world domination and the second two hours terrified that the world is out to get you.  What goes up must come crashing down and, faster than you can say root canal, you will be waddling back to Rusty Brown's, desperately chasing that first high.
0x17E38A30=小小一个美味软球，含有的热量居然与一整套正餐相同！我们的甜甜圈都是用黄油、猪油、植物油混合而成的独家秘制油油炸而成。每一个甜甜圈中都含有1000卡路里、100克反式脂肪酸、100克饱和脂肪酸和足以让你觉得自己刚嗑完药的大量白砂糖。什么叫营养食品啊！这一天的头两个小时，你准备征服世界，再过两个小时，你就会觉得全世界都要来杀你了。有高潮就会有低谷，而你坠落谷底的时间甚至不够说「根管治疗」这四个字。你会摇摇晃晃地走回Rusty Brown，急切地寻求最开始的高潮。

;0x591C99C9=Double Choc Whammy - 50 cents 
0x591C99C9=双重巧克力风暴 - 50美分

;0x87E7CA52=Fudge Packed Donuts - 70 cents 
0x87E7CA52=软糖甜甜圈 - 70美分

;0xDF6E39D9=Add a Caramel Injection for 5 cents! 
0xDF6E39D9=添加焦糖只要5美分！

;0x481755C1=Just show your badge! 
0x481755C1=出示警徽即可享受优惠！

;0xB2D47740=No need to line up - come in the back door. 
0xB2D47740=无需排队，后门取餐。

;0xFC6ED6E2=Stop off at Rusty Brown's on your way to school and get 3 donuts for $1!      
0xFC6ED6E2=来上学时路过的Rusty Brown看一看吧，3个甜甜圈只要1美元！

;0x2A2AAFDF=Now available in a range of healthy fruit options (and when we say 'fruit', we mean brightly-colored fructose syrup, not any of that stuff that grows on trees).      
0x2A2AAFDF=现已推出健康水果品类。(此处的「水果」是指色彩鲜艳的浓缩糖浆，并非长在树上的水果)

