;0x2B7069F8=Tragedy struck today when members of the Liberty City Union for Construction Workers were gunned down on the site of my Castle Gardens property development.  The idea that workers can strike is an entirely alien concept to me as I have worked hard my whole life and the more cynical amongst us might chalk this catastrophe up to karma.  However, I would like to take this opportunity to offer my heartfelt sympathies and condolences to the families of the victims who died needlessly fighting a futile liberal cause.  Out of respect for the dead, I am not going to use the word corruption but this whole incident reeks of foul play.  What were union officials doing with semi-automatic weapons?  I am confident that the authorities will carry out a full investigation.  In the meantime, I pray for your families to struggle through life knowing this didn't have to happen this way.  Work on the Castle Gardens project has been ceased indefinitely.  I knew I should have listened to my wives and stayed in the Middle East.  
0x2B7069F8=

;0x0C247E88=You can never go wrong with real estate, except when a pharmaceutical company convinces the city council to seize your property so they can build office space and racquetball courts. 
0x0C247E88=

;0x1D382359=Yusuf Amir, the infamous Dubai property developer, is now bringing his Midas touch to the Liberty City skyline.  Best known for the Hanging Gardens of Amir, a hotel complex suspended from hot-air balloons over the Persian Gulf, his name has become synonymous with opulence, extravagance and decadence.  He made headlines around the world in 2005 when he constructed the world's tallest building, only to knock it down again the following day.  Just because he could.  He is planning a series of zero gravity developments in space and has invested heavily in weather manipulation technology with a view to creating his own microclimates.  Notorious for his ostentatious décor and excessive use of gold, crystal, marble and endangered animal pelts, Amir's properties are designed for people who substitute personality with showy displays of wealth.  Hip hop stars, drug addicts, Vinewood trash, soccer players and hedge fund managers have been lining up to pay his multi-million dollar price tags.  He is currently awaiting approval to build the first 11-star underwater hotel in the shape of a tiger off the coast of Qatar.  Like Amir says, "These days you need to make a statement about how rich you are."  
0x1D382359=

;0xF497CF29=Solid gold bathrooms.  See-through toilets.  A twenty-four-hour in-house plastic surgeon.  Yusuf Amir's first development on American soil is a luxury apartment complex in Liberty City's ultra-chic Castle Gardens neighborhood.  Future occupants will live the dream 24-7 in one of Amir's most lavish and ambitious projects to date.  The lobby will include a floor-to-ceiling aquarium with white marble and precious gemstones.  The dolphin pool with glory holes is a treat, as well as chaise lounges with seal skin coverings moisturized daily by the moistness of Icelandic virgins.  All apartments feature cashmere wallpaper, silk toilet paper and solid gold fittings throughout. Plastic surgeons, anal bleaching technicians, and handsy personal trainers will be available to residents to ensure you go into your 40's and 50's in style. The extensive room service menu will include delicacies such as hummingbird tongues and ocelot ceviche.  All furniture will be thrown away and replaced at the end of every day and a mountaintop breeze from the Himalayas will be pumped through the air conditioning system.  Quirky touches like dwarf bellhops in feather boas and a Roman-style vomitorium top off a building that has quickly become the most sought-after in the city for people with more money than taste.  
0xF497CF29=

