;0x4E94BC78=You can never go wrong with real estate, except when a pharmaceutical company convinces the city council to seize your property so they can build office space and racquetball courts.
0x4E94BC78=投资房产绝对不会有错。除非哪家制药公司说服市议会，强制征收这块地皮拿去造写字楼和壁球场。

;0x1D382359=Yusuf Amir, the infamous Dubai property developer, is now bringing his Midas touch to the Liberty City skyline.  Best known for the Hanging Gardens of Amir, a hotel complex suspended from hot-air balloons over the Persian Gulf, his name has become synonymous with opulence, extravagance and decadence.  He made headlines around the world in 2005 when he constructed the world's tallest building, only to knock it down again the following day.  Just because he could.  He is planning a series of zero gravity developments in space and has invested heavily in weather manipulation technology with a view to creating his own microclimates.  Notorious for his ostentatious décor and excessive use of gold, crystal, marble and endangered animal pelts, Amir's properties are designed for people who substitute personality with showy displays of wealth.  Hip hop stars, drug addicts, Vinewood trash, soccer players and hedge fund managers have been lining up to pay his multi-million dollar price tags.  He is currently awaiting approval to build the first 11-star underwater hotel in the shape of a tiger off the coast of Qatar.  Like Amir says, "These days you need to make a statement about how rich you are."  
0x1D382359=恶名昭彰的迪拜房产商Yusuf Amir将他的点金之手伸向了自由城的天际线。「Amir的空中花园」是他的代表作，这是一座依靠气球吊在波斯湾上空的酒店。他的大名已与荣华富贵、颓废享乐画上等号。2005年，他建成了全世界最高的建筑，并在次日拆除，登上了全球各大新闻的头条。没为什么，有钱任性。他正在规划开发太空中的零重力环境，还对天气控制技术投入了大量资金，想要以此创造属于自己的微气候。浮夸铺张的装潢，无处不在的黄金、水晶、大理石和濒危动物的皮毛，这就是Amir名声在外的设计风格，专为更在乎炫耀财富而非个人魅力的富人打造。纵使标价百万，嘻哈明星、瘾君子、好麦坞人渣、足球运动员和对冲基金经理依然争相抢购。只待获得批准，他就会在卡塔尔的海岸建造全世界首个十一星级水下酒店。正如Amir所说：「当今社会，必须告诉别人你有多富。」

;0xF497CF29=Solid gold bathrooms.  See-through toilets.  A twenty-four-hour in-house plastic surgeon.  Yusuf Amir's first development on American soil is a luxury apartment complex in Liberty City's ultra-chic Castle Gardens neighborhood.  Future occupants will live the dream 24-7 in one of Amir's most lavish and ambitious projects to date.  The lobby will include a floor-to-ceiling aquarium with white marble and precious gemstones.  The dolphin pool with glory holes is a treat, as well as chaise lounges with seal skin coverings moisturized daily by the moistness of Icelandic virgins.  All apartments feature cashmere wallpaper, silk toilet paper and solid gold fittings throughout. Plastic surgeons, anal bleaching technicians, and handsy personal trainers will be available to residents to ensure you go into your 40's and 50's in style. The extensive room service menu will include delicacies such as hummingbird tongues and ocelot ceviche.  All furniture will be thrown away and replaced at the end of every day and a mountaintop breeze from the Himalayas will be pumped through the air conditioning system.  Quirky touches like dwarf bellhops in feather boas and a Roman-style vomitorium top off a building that has quickly become the most sought-after in the city for people with more money than taste.  
0xF497CF29=纯金卫浴，透明马桶，24小时的上门整形服务。Yusuf Amir在美国国土上的第一项工程位于自由城最豪华的Castle Gardens地段。折是一栋豪华住宅楼，也是Amir迄今为止最奢侈、最宏大的工程，未来的住户们将在这里度过全天候的梦幻生活。公寓大堂采用白色大理石装修，嵌有各种珍稀宝石作为装饰，落地窗外则是一个巨大的沉浸式水族箱。带有鸟洞的海豚池其乐无穷，每天用冰岛处女的体液保湿的海豹皮沙发也能为你带来快感。山羊绒墙纸、丝绸卫生纸和黄金家具是所有公寓的标配。整形医生、肛门漂白师和动手动脚的私教随叫随到，包你潇洒地度过中年。公寓送餐服务的菜单品目繁多，上至蜂鸟舌头，下至腌制豹猫，无所不有。所有家具每日一换，绝无复用可能。来自喜马拉雅的清风通过中央空调拂面而过，戴着羽毛围巾的矮人侍者和建筑顶端的罗马式门楼尽显格调。对于自由城的那些资产总额高于审美品味的富人而言，Amir的楼盘已然成为了最热门的藏品。

