;0x3B1697B6=Have too many loans? Take out another one. Seriously. What better way to solve your debt problems than by taking out another loan? Just imagine the convenience of swapping a myriad of bills you can't afford to pay for a single bill you still can't afford to pay? We bundle all your existing debt into one simple payment, secure the loan against your house or car and then will come and ravage your teenage daughter if you don't pay on time. Got it? I mean really ravage. Basically, we exchange one debt for another so that you pay more interest over a longer period while putting your only remaining assets at risk. Now that's freedom.
0x3B1697B6=

;0xCFF9803A=This is like settling out of court, and we make sure the proper people are looked after. For a modest upfront fee, our boiler room of highly-qualified 17-year-old female debt settlement specialists will arrange to "accidentally" bump into a VP of a bank or financial institution you owe money to. After a few drinks and a quick romp at a nearby hotel room outfitted with our hidden high resolution cameras, they'll receive an email the next day with an attached picture and a pleasant note indicating that it will be forwarded to their wife by end of day unless your loan miraculously disappears. 
0xCFF9803A=

;0xC52421D9=How many times have you closed your eyes and wished that someone would make your creditors go away? Loan companies are like the school bullies, threatening you, intending you and your family harm. It's about time you had somebody to stand up for you. Credit card companies will even resort to sending "Debt Resolution Specialists" to your home or work and threaten to take away your hard earned car or flat-screen TV. Our representatives will meet with your bank's representatives and eliminate the problem once and for all. We promise never to eliminate debtors while they have children in their car or on Sunday Morning. Word is bond.
0xC52421D9=

;0x44410766=Yes, everybody qualifies.
0x44410766=

;0xAB23064C=Let's not get bogged down in the details right now. Suffice to say that there's a hefty set-up charge and then a monthly contribution for the rest of your life.
0xAB23064C=

