;0xDD4AF0A6=Dishing the dirt on your favorite celebrities! The gossip, the rumors, the scandals, 
0xDD4AF0A6=搞臭你心爱的明星！八卦、蜚语、丑闻、

;0x5E1A6427=the break-ups, the meltdowns, the feuds... and anything else we can get a photo of!
0x5E1A6427=分手、崩溃、争吵......以及一切我们可以偷拍到的秘密！

;0x2DE2A411=Nobody cares about the British monarchy in England but we cannot get enough of them here in America where our inbred rich sycophants own oil companies and McMansions instead of castles!!!  Royal scandal has been thin over the past couple of months but we managed to track down an ex-member of the staff desperate enough for cash to put his name to any piece of trash we write for him.  Fred Pemberton, who worked as a gardener at the palace during the 1990's, has exposed a shocking truth that one of the monarchy's blue-blooded tax-dodgers, who we cannot name at this stage in order to get our banner hit rate up, is a HERMAPHRODITE!  How could they have covered this up for so long?  Has the in-breeding taken its toll?  Is this genetic deficiency or genital supremacy?  Does he/she stand up or sit down to pee?  So many questions and so much advertising revenue to be made.  Expect this story to run and run.
0x2DE2A411=没人在乎英国的君主制度，而在我们美国，君主制度同样不够纯粹，细微区别只在于这片土地上那些由近亲杂交出来媚上欺下的富人们坐拥的是石油和豪宅而不是城堡！！！过去的几个月来自皇室的丑闻一直少之又少，不过最近我们设法挖到了一位曾经服务于皇室的前工作人员，此人目前正不顾一切的极端渴求金钱，为此他毫不在乎我们会把他的名字贴在哪里。Fred Pemberton，这位在90年代受雇于皇家的园丁向我们披露了一条令人震惊的事实————在君主制度认定的因血统纯正而不用交税的皇室成员中，有一个人（为了保护我们网站的广告点击率，他的姓名恕我们无可奉告）是双性人！皇室是怎么做到能把这件事隐瞒这么久的？这是近亲婚配种下的苦果吗？既有石柱又有洞穴到底应该算是生殖缺陷还是生殖优势？他或者她是站着尿还是蹲着尿？笔者脑海浮现出无数的问题，同时眼前也出现了无数的广告收益。谨为此事能够继续不断推进下去献出我虔诚的祈祷。

;0x9F9EF697='The Flying Whore', the sold-out play that has taken Liberty City's theater district by storm, turned into a bloodbath last weekend.  Critics have been raving about the special effects in the show, which deals with the heartbreaking story of a young woman who can fly, but who has turned to prostitution to support her mom's quilting habit.  During the big finale, when she sings while doing an aerial Reverse Cowgirl with a client, the rich businessman realizes that behind the garish makeup, short skirt, scuffed stilettos and displays of aerial dexterity is his best friend's daughter, but completes the act anyway.  There is a moving scene where the hooker hovers seductively above him and he removes her bra with his teeth.  Tragedy struck on Saturday night, however, when Kirk Stapleton, a musical theater veteran with some of the best jazz hands in the business, caught his tongue stud in the whore's bra strap and was left hanging in the air by his tongue after a mistimed jerk of the intricate wire and pulley system.  The crowd went wild and the curtain closed to a standing ovation.  After screaming a bunch of shit that nobody could understand, Kirk was rushed to the hospital and operated on immediately.  Doctors have said that the actor is making good progress although he will never be able to pronounce a consonant again.  A career in action movies beckons...
0x9F9EF697=席卷自由城所有剧院，门票售罄一张不剩的戏剧‘挥着翅膀的妓女’在上周上演时转变为了一场人间惨剧。评论家对剧中出现的特效赞不绝口，该剧主要讲述了一个会飞的女孩沦为娼妓努力赚钱补贴家用的故事。在大结局中，当她一边歌唱一边和客人以空中女上位做爱时，这位富商客人才终于明白那个画着艳丽妆容，身着短裙和细高跟在空中尽显灵巧之能事的女孩原来是他挚友的女儿，不过无论如何他还是坚持把这顿爱给做完了。其中有一幕是女孩在该富商头顶的上空婀娜盘旋，而他则用自己的牙齿解开女孩的胸罩。在本周六晚当这一幕再次上演时，悲剧发生了。当时拥有最佳爵士乐手、业内最负盛名的歌剧表演艺术家Kirk Stapleton的舌头卡进了女孩的胸罩带子之间，而在一阵非常不凑巧的机械故障后，胸罩连着舌头，舌头连着艺术家，一起被挂在了半空中。观众们陷入疯狂之中，剧院在震耳欲聋的欢呼喝彩声中封锁了大门。在声嘶力竭嚎了一堆没人能听懂的屁话之后，Kirk被送往医院并即刻接受了手术治疗。医生表示该歌剧表演艺术家目前状况良好，只不过他下半辈子可能再也发不了辅音了。转型动作电影硬汉的职业生涯在召唤他......

;0x34181C06=- BREAKING NEWS: Von Crastenburg Sex Tape!!!
0x34181C06=号外：Von Crastenburg性爱录像流出！！！

;0x3EE4D7E2=- Is it December for January?
0x3EE4D7E2=January迎来她生命的寒冬了吗？

;0x9EED7F4E=- King or Queen? Secret Royal Family Hermaphrodite Shocker!!!
0x9EED7F4E=国王还是皇后？令人震惊的秘密：皇室家族成员是双性人！！！

;0x841286AE=- Wardrobe malfunction turns bloody!!!
0x841286AE=剧场机械故障酿成血腥惨剧！！！

;0xE03A82FB=- Muldoon marriage over in 20 minutes!!!
0xE03A82FB=Muldoon的婚姻在20分钟内结束！！！

;0x8115291D=- Celebrity sighting!!!
0x8115291D=明星出没！！！

